 A man 
 Irish News, Jul 13, 2018 Missing Tallaght Man Found ''Safe And Well'' A man who had been missing from the Tallaght area has been found ''safe and well''
 Irish News, Aug 9, 2010 North-Born Police Mentor Dies In Afghanistan A man from Co Tyrone - believed to be in his early 50s - has been killed in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan. 
 2015 Man Arrested Over Attack In County Clare A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with an assault on a man in County Clare on Sunday. 
 Irish News, Oct 23, 2009 Court Date Follows Arms and Drugs Find A man is to appear in court on handgun and drug charges following searches on a house in Dublin. 
 Includes end of RFK''s speech, possible shots being fired, post-shooting hysteria in kitchen, and interviews with a man who claims Sirhan was not alone. 
 (As his position on climate change indicates, the president is visibly a man for all apocalypses.) 
 What is there left to find, as one seeks to understand a despicable act by a man who knew better? 
 a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth" by the end of the 1960s. 
 members of the Senate are (or should be) aware of the facts involved in Judge Pickerings intervention on behalf of a man 
 (1) God as judge: "God has fixed a day on which he will judge the world in righteousness by a man whom he has appointed" (17:31a); 
 How was it that a man 
 I met an ex UL classmate last week, a man in his 50''s who after completing his first year got promoted to a Master''s programme. 
 I want to buy the second show at montreal if i can where i can to go for this...... and He has a man 
 I watched my wife and daughter disappear, then the wall hit me," a man staying in a temporary shelter near Attapue, Laos reported. 
 And while he intended no ulterior statement, for a man to shave his beard has political meaning in Turkey. 
 He was a man who was born in a different era and time, and he graduated from UCD in the 1930s. 
 It''s a world where eternally-offended oiks believe allowing a man 
 04 April 2014 Man Seriously Assaulted In Dublin A man is recovering in hospital after being viciously assaulted in Coolock, Dublin, on Thursday night. 
 The chemical operator K was a man of no great technical education but with many years of practical experience in this and related operations. 
 14 November 2007 Tallagh Shooting Death Probed A body has been found in a house in Tallaght which Gardai say is that of a man aged in his thirties. 
 Morris – who is being forced to wear a monitor during her period of house arrest – "was born a man but identifies as a woman", according to Florida authorities. 
 his wife  Jill  and the people of the United States  recognizing Prince Philip as a man who "saw our world change dramatically and repeatedly" during his lifespan. 
 03 August 2007 Man Dies In Cork City House Fire A man   believed to be in his 50s  has died in a house fire in Cork City The blaze at the man''s house in Roches Buildings
 09 May 2012 Pair Charged With Keeping And Profiting From A Brothel A man 
 The police said that, at approximately 9.05pm, a man walked into a shop in the area and produced a knife to a member of staff and then made off with a sum of cash
 Detectives are now seeking a man described as being 5''9" to 6'' in height  of thin build and wearing a grey/blue tracksuit top
 20 October 2014 Man Dies In Motorcycle Accident In Dublin A man , 38, has died in a road crash in Dublin city centre on Sunday night. 
 The woman was met in the arrivals hall by a man in his 30s. 
 Mr Walsh was struck during an argument with a man in the suburb of Coogee in Sydney. 
 The beloved leader-for-life, a king or a president, always a man , appears on some hideous filigreed-and-gilded couch or chair, chatting with an important visitor. 
 Will Smith plays a man who believes he is the only survivor in New York of a global virus outbreak. 
 Riot police detain a man after clashes during a protest in Bucharest in February 
 Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced today  saying  "Dr. Bennett is a man of principle and deep convictions." 
 A local writer, a man   in a letter to the editor encouraging people to put flowers on the bridge
 If what he dislikes is a man wearing the spotted fur of a small animal called the ermine, or a man having once had a metal ring placed on the top of his head by a clergyman, he will decide one way. 
 Christy was just seven when her father, a man with a third-grade education who held three jobs to support his nine children, passed away of lung cancer. 
 I think he is a man of character. 
 Kind of like, a man cave, kinda vintage, industrial look. 
 As a man ages, the cells of his prostate may change and form tumors or other growths. 
 This song of anonymous composition is sung from the perspective of a man who was tempted to drink, drank, and consequently made a fool of himself at a dance. 
 . you''ll meet them every day, And they''ll never have a quarter in their pocket is what they''ll say, But I am not a man like that for I''m a man of bliss, I always haves a quarter in my pocket here it is. 
 "Bill is a man of impeccable integrity
 A man claims he was denied a drink because employees mistook his ... 
 While in Bombay singing for people she met a man in a restaurant and they instantly knew each other. 
 He was a man of wide culture  writing with ease in French  German and English  and he was an accomplished violinist
 as far as I can tell  nary a book is published without a man /woman/elf/dwarf sporting an artfully draped cloth over their heads. 
 Parliament is suspended in a day of poignant tribute to a man of the ... 
 In Deuteronomy 22:5 we read, "A woman shall not wear anything that pertains to a man , nor shall a man put on a woman''s garment, for all who do so are an abomination to the Lord your God." 
 written by the award-winning author of Mr. Mercedes  traces the story of a man whose mysterious affliction unites a small community. 
 26 I think therefore that this is good for the present necessity, that it is good for a man so to be. 27 Art thou bound to a wife? seek not to be loosed. 
 [13] If a man marry a wife  and afterwards hate her  [14] And seek occasions to put her away  laying to her charge a very ill name
 Police near a site where a man was shot by armed officers in Streatham, south London, on Feb. 2, 2020. 
 Jesus Heals a Man Born Blind 
 32 and zthey were astonished at his teaching  zfor his word possessed authority. 33 And xin the synagogue there was a man who had the spirit of an unclean demon  and he cried out with a loud voice  34 "Ha!2 aWhat have you to do with us
 but they were deterministic  that is  somebody who had a matching software who was actually acting as a man 
 Poland  Rose Schneiderman was raised from an early age to believe she was capable of doing anything a man could do. 
 If a man has begun to hate an object of his love  so that love is thoroughly destroyed  he will  causes being equal
 T. Mike Childs, so mean he once killed a man just for snoring too loud
 The Pope had his fears, however, knowing Red Beard for a man of fiery aggression and unscrupulous ambition, backed by a united Germany. 
 It was clear indeed that He was a man , but a man whose doctrine could only come from God: Quem enim misit Deus, verba Dei loquitur (Joan. 
 If the site looks like it was bought from a man in a white van, or if it''s using a design from a free template site, it''s probably just a waste of time. 
 The final decision will be Carter''s -- after all, here''s a man who can field a call from the Emmy Award-winning Anderson  say he can''t chat
 The blow requires the strength of a man to be warded, but the thrust may be put by by the force of a child. 
 A man 
 a man consumed with vengeance. 
 There was a man in Ba named Dip Chand. 
 Do those sound like the words of a man who''s eagerly waiting to pull the trigger on nuclear weapons? 
 "A man who will not labor to gain his basic human rights, is a man who would not, 
 Ultimately, this death-obsessed boy would become a man who insists on never killing another. 
 Bob Inglis says we need this kind of ambition–that put a man on the moon–to transform our energy system. 
 Jack''s heard that porpoise will push a man to shore, "–maybe if I lie still ... ," he thinks. 
 At his core, he''s a man desperately obsessed with hope, seeing it as the ultimate good in life, fueling many of his actions. 
 it parodies a classic black and white gangster movie  ending with a man being shot to death and the classic line, "Keep the change, you filthy animal." 
 It''s mid-afternoon when Irby walks in, a man on a mission. 
 If a Minneapolis police officer could look a 17-year-old in the eyes as she filmed him killing a man in broad daylight on a crowded street, then the people could rise up, uninhibited, against him. 
 There''s nothing like being confronted by a man 
 Not 10 verse 30, I want 28. 1 Corinthians 11:28 1 Corinthians 11:28But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. 
 I''m a man of few words, tonight I''m a man of one word and that word is ''Yes''. 
 For a man not yet in his 30''s to be given such freedom
 Originally thought to be simply the dark half of a man named Bruce Gordon
 a masterful storyteller whose craft elevated whatever project he was working on  a man who is more than just a historical figure to me now
 In 2019, French scientists published a case study in the Journal of Infectious Diseases describing the case of a man 
 a man ." 
 The romance artist (almost always a man ) gives the male lead ''pride of place'' by positioning him above the female (he''s often on the right
 "For all of the many ups and downs in John''s career, he is remembered by the School as a man of vision, intelligence and action, traits that we value highly and encourage in all of our students." 
 Advice on how to be a man . 
 This, after all, is a man who once declared the solitary practice of art "an advanced form of onanism"; is collaborative art  then
 There once lived a man named Martin Dressler  a shopkeeper''s son
 and planning to destroy the home of a man it accuses of killing a police officer. 
 The excited gardener told the police officers he had seen a man wearing a black mask in the courtyard of the nursery where he had just arrived for work. 
 Writing reference documentation (like a man page) is something programmers do well. 
 In early 2010, a man – build and persona unknown – dragged a chair to his computer desk one wintry night in Ahmedabad. 
 I ended up meeting a man who adopted him. 
 Once a man 
 He was a man of first class intelligence who had done outstanding work with the Bruce Tse Tse Fly Commission
 Second, in each of the three cases, the question was asked by a man . 
 IS IT GUARANTEED A MAN WILL BE IMPOTENT AFTER SURGERY? 
 A task was set to prove one is a man , The qualities that make you so: elev''n. 
 He was a man who was almost a pervert, who liked to expose himself to people. 
 A clip plays showing a man collecting green and blue bags of garbage. 
 Perhaps they were not so radical politically, if they preferred a nobleman, " a man of illustrious rank," at their head, rather than one of the "bourgeois." 
 I met a man in front of a building missing its second story. 
 A man in a red T-shirt says GOT A FEW PIECES OF FLINT OVER HERE. 
 A man goes to the doctor for a check up and he complains that his dick is turning orange. 
 He is a man of the people and a steadfast friend of the business community and the employers of this state. 
 Not all heroes wear capes First the Florida firefighters saved the life of a man who suffered a heart attack while laying down sod. 
 U.S. Customs Agents discovered a man hidden in a shipment of wood shavings Tuesday at the Otay Mesa Cargo port of ent... 
 The mother of a man killed last month in Glendale shared her emotional reaction after learning Thursday that a man su... 
 A new biography of our founding saint explores a man constant in his faith yet contradictory in his ways and confounding to history. 
 Jeremiah 3:1 "If a man divorces his wife and she leaves him and marries another man, should he return to her again? 
 Once while I was working in the Hulls Cove Visitor Center a man 
 Now a man in his late sixties speaks to reporters and says THERE''S ALWAYS A CHIT-CHAT ABOUT TARGETING RIDINGS  ET CETERA
 Herrera L, Kakati S, Gibas L, et al. (1986) Gardner syndrome in a man with an interstitial deletion of 5q. 
 But what is it like to lose your heart to a Sith Lord – and what fate awaits the star-crossed lover who has fallen for a man so unattainable? 
 A MAN AT PLAY. 
 A man stands beside a bag of mulch. 
 A man shuts a door as he leaves a room and walks down the hall toward two open doors. 
 In one of her childhood dreams she wants to become Chaplina, the female counterpart of Charlie Chaplin, a man she admired. 
 A man reading his story about Conan  then  would feel again in the depth of his being those barbaric impulses; consequently
 A man says, OH, MY GOD. 
 When the invisible and bodiless God whom no man has seen or can see appeared in ancient days in the form of a man , He was not thereby revealing His essence or His nature. 
 A man in a site says MAN WOW, LOOK AT THAT. 
 He is a man of peace, a man of dialogue, and an educator." 
 It is impossible for a man or woman, boy or girl, to be completely happy until he or she is doing the Lord''s will. 
 "I think back then, as a woman, you really needed a man to ''front'' you." 
 and said  American King James Version×  Job 38:3 Job 38:3Gird up now your loins like a man ; for I will demand of you, and answer you me. 
 If you want reimbursement from insurance, you have to file that yourself. _________________ If you were a man , I''d punch you in the mouth 
 "The kingdom of heaven is like a mustard seed," He said, "which a man took and sowed in his field
 When I first pulled up to the ranch I was greeted by a man who had clearly been up since before sunrise. 
 The bank was founded by Frank Nugan, an insecure and incompetent Australian lawyer, and by Michael John Hand, a man with a high school degree who had gone to Vietnam with the Green Berets. 
 Leaving the Dome to the adjacent Al-Aqsa I saw a man wearing a green skirt and I noticed the unarmed Palestinian guards also in green. 
 After all, a man and a woman are not unequally yoked just because the wife is lower than her husband on one level. 
 It''s a cartoonish, outsized introduction to a man who was, at worst, both things (and plenty more). 
 A man dressed in black stood at his side. 
 just as he stands on the brink of death  learns the real meaning of life  that it''s best for a man to live like a man , not like a god. 
 but they had not foreseen the eloquent opposition of Justice of the Supreme Court William O. Douglas  a man who was  as one author put it
 You can''t go with a man who says stuff like that. 
 The third also said " No se;" adding, "Fire, I am a man , and can die!" 
 After the spray hit her eyes, you can hear on video a man yell, "You goddamn communist nigger-lover, get the hell out of here!" 
 Do you think if a man who was a body builder but was spotted like a leopard due to vitiligo would get women lining up, saying "raw" and shit? 
 A boat trip along the Eastern seaboard, just a man and his thoughts  perhaps jotting down a few notes about next year''s Sundance
 a man and a woman." 
 God, of course, does not lie (Numbers 23:19 Numbers 23:19God is not a man   that he should lie; neither the son of man  that he should repent: has he said  and shall he not do it? or has he spoken
 The next thing we knew a man showed up and offered to change the tire. 
 Get White Stripes'' camping advice, find out which huge act left 80,000 concertgoers sort of bummed and meet a man willing to accuse Kanye West of jacking his steeze. ... 
 I mean, crime in Gotham City doesn''t exactly seem to be affected by a man dressed as a bat flapping around the place. 
 I am a man of learning, of books, I''ve always been a stranger to the practical life. 
 What we want in our pastor is a man with a Day-Timer and a briefcase -- a very
 there is a kind of conveying  of effectual and imprinting passages amongst compliments  which is of singular use  if a man can hit upon it. 
 To contain anger from mischief, though it take hold of a man , there be two things, whereof you must have special caution. 
 a man in a foam rubber sperm costume walking down the street in the capital of Texas. 
 David was a man after God''s own heart. 
 A man was killed by a mortar shell on November 2, and seven were wounded over the next three days. 
 (1 Timothy 3:1) This is a faithful saying: If a man desires the position of a bishop, he desires a good work. 
 came about because of the efforts of a man named Guy Morrison. 
 But it is to teach you that if a man sets out on a journey without adequate provision, he will sufferâ€ 17. 
 He told David, "You shall not build a house for My name, because you have been a man of war and have shed blood" (I Chronicles 28:3). 
 I know I told a man 
 While Murray is occasionally funny, his performance serves to illustrate the angst of a man who lives with deep wounds and damage resulting from a life of promiscuity and self-absorption. 
 The Bible says "If a man fails to provide for his own household, he has denied the faith and is worse than an unbeliever" (1 Timothy 5:7). 
 Judas, a man of talent and skill for fiscal management  but whose mind had become defiled through temptation
 Like a city whose walls are broken down is a man who lacks self-control (Proverbs 25:27-28). 
 Even though a man may try to report something–as in a history–honestly and as accurately as he can with all sincerity
 A man of honor never seeks publicly to divorce his wife
 You know Abraham was a man chosen by God and Abraham is going to be in God''s Kingdom. 
 At approximately 1:42 p.m., investigators observed a man run from the BB&T Bank at 2140 Old Washington Road in Waldorf and get into a Toyota Camry which was parked nearby. 
 On March 13, at 2125 hours, Anti-Crime officers responded to reports that a man with a gun was present in a Manhattan restaurant in the confines of the 32 Precinct. 
" Walt Disney died in 1966  18 years before a new CEO named Michael Eisner came to the helm  a man who honored the bottom line (mammon or money) rather than wholesomeness, morality, and family values. 
 There was on incident earlier in the evening where a man jumped over the barricades and challenged police. 
 Around midnight, a man reported his Chevy Tahoe had been stolen in the area of DeBarr Road and Bragaw Street
 Indian Mythology says it is an alligator called ''Shi-shu-mara'' and Persians discovered a man eating a snake called ''Azhdeha''. 
 Billy Wofford was known to us all to be a man of integrity, humor, generosity, and a mighty fine fly fisher. 
 the Kansas Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations cited Somali Center officials as saying a man had been threatening Muslims in Kansas City for months. 
 The days of the "big man" are over, defined as a man at the top who issues edicts and all below follow them. 
 Their teachers taught them that a woman is half of a man ." 
 Likewise, just because a man is a family head does not make him ''automatically'' a Deacon or an Elder. 
 Theology answers, "You are here to grow, to grow up in every way unto the full stature of a man newborn in Christ." 
 The usually ornate and vast wooden structure is rivaled only by the massive tower of a man that will be burned  like the Temple itself  as the festival reaches its climax
 In this amateur video, a man is hauled off a motorcycle and beaten to death by anti-riot police. 
 Some emails came from a man with a "Latino" name, and others from an "Anglo" name.... 
 When a woman agrees to marry a man 
 A man of God. 
 Police are still refusing to confirm that a man found dead Sunday is indeed hip hop artist Paul Frappier. 
 In his complaint, Mr Kroščen describes a one-metre high, ancient Greek style white statue of a man , in whose hands was a baseball bat bearing the clearly visible inscription, "Na cikany" ("For Gypsies"). 
 leaving a large  ravenous  female population out there in increasingly desperate search of a man . 
 A man storms away from a group of people
 where a man dies "suddenly, / like a signal that had been cut." 
 Once Khalid bin Valeed wrote to Hazrat Abu Bakr (RA) that there was a man who was in the habit of getting the act of Sodomy committed on him (the - man). 
 Myself being a man (a rather overweight one), I know what it is like going through life with people making fun of you. 
 He also held positions as the treasurer of the Montgomery Economic Development Corporation and on the board of A Man in Recovery Foundation. 
 my thanks to a man and his team who made me think  laugh  see other points of view  and attempt to understand the mind of a man who had the unique ability to see the world and everything in it in a way that most would pass by without such perception. 
 She considers herself very lucky as she married to a man of God. 
 For a man , a successful career is a primary factor proving his viability as a professional and personality. 
 of the Revolution broke out, they joined the patriots to a man . 
 and photographs are available online which show the model up close with a man inside. 
 We crossed over the river in a dug-out canoe called a pipante and were met on the other side by a man with two horses, which they called "bestias." 
 I''m not a man of god, some holy roller or one to claim moral high ground based on a religious idea. 
 A Nigerian lady is off the singles'' market as she recently got married to a man she met at her friend''s birthday party back in 2016. 
 [[ A man and woman are at a blackboard with equations and graphs on it.]] Man: Look  I''m doing my best
 It is very difficult indeed for a man or for a boy who knows the Scriptures ever to get away from it. 
 We can motivate the players, take a man out of the game for a violation  or throw a great pizza party after for a success or a loss
 Suddenly, a man with a gun looked menacingly toward her and forced her into a room full of Assyrians. 
 "I had the privilege and pleasure of working for a man who needed no rule to evaluate people without regard to race  ethnicity  gender  religion
 A man facing murder charges
 A tale of a mother''s mental cruelly to her son and the courts injustice against a man 
 Rothbard, who called himself an "anarcho-capitalist," first saw himself as a man of the "Old Right
 But "if he is not guilty," our fedora-wearing devil''s advocate might ask, "what is the problem for a man in the database? 
 Assessing the prospect of NATO enlargement, George Kennan (1997) writes as a man who has seen his life''s work completed and then inexplicably undone. 
 If a man lacks respect he becomes a shadow of himself, his self worth is eaten away and his ego becomes emaciated. 
 Befitting a man of status, Dr. Stephen Hawking has finally been captured in action figure form. 
 A Burlington man was sentenced this week to 50 years in prison for shooting a man at point blank range in February 2017 and dumping his body in a park in Lee County. 
 It does not become clear whether or not the addressee is a man or a woman. 
 She knows from the beginning on, that she is not any more what a man such as Arthur Clennam could desire: "I know
 In other words: "[...] what can be more androgynous that a man having, or making a baby?" 
 By answering 15 questions, the sexual partner of a man with ED will be able to assess how the problem affects their relationship. 
 expresses the notion of subjective truth: "I am persuaded  as a Christian  that nothing is impure in itself; only if a man considers a particular thing impure, then to him it is impure." 
" or a man who  like the famous Snorri Sturlason  was at least publicly a Christian
 Actually , it was more like a man with splints on both legs trying to run a sprint. 
 a man named George Harrison who  so the story goes
 (Temple marriage, of course, is the marriage of a man 
 Interim Austin Police Chief Joe Chacon told reporters the three victims were two women and a man . 
 A man matching Baryl''s description leaves Lan a box containing Iris''s CopyBot, but Lan doesn''t get to talk to him. 
 Death of a man , death of a country, death of an ideal. 
 Near the beginning, a man accidently walks in on a young woman while she is changing and comments on her chest size. 
 No one knew where wandering men had their homes or their origin; and how was a man to be explained unless you at least knew somebody who knew his father and mother? 
 Matsumoto Leije is a man with a lot of baggage. 
 Sessional Papers by Ontario Legislative Assembly (1894) "Early in the year a man 
 I worked for a man I respected who said often, it''s not what you say, it''s how you say it. 
 I saw a man eating celery, So I beat him black and blue. 
 a man on because little else was ever visible. 
 use a comma before the conjunction in most cases: "She was glad she had looked  for a man was approaching the house." 
 From sending US astronauts into outer space to sending his fans into outer orbit, Andy Hughes is a man on a mission. 
 When asked by a man 
 Ugandans voters on Thursday are deciding between a man 
 A man who had been soaked in water  and smothered in mud  and lamed by stones  and cut by flints  and stung by nettles
 I started much more naturally then, to find myself confronted by a man in a sober grey dress. 
 The army of Seyyid-e-Hassan and an image of a man will appear in the sky opposite the sun. 
 Jamie Schor as Demetrius gave a fine portrayal of a man in love and bewitched. 
 and then two more were found over the weekend  and police expected Monday to charge a man 
 The Mexican government says a man 
 On Sunday, two city police officers, a man and a woman, were shot to death. 
 Also Friday, a Hawaii-bound flight had to change course and land in Los Angeles after a man was accused of harassing a woman. 
 He pledged to toughen Johnny, she said, and make him a man . 
 A man from Vermont  whose 13-year-old son took his own life after being victimized by cyber bullys
 licensed to a man living off an alley, menaced a bike patrol. 
 Here was a man –especially in the last years of his life–who clearly was thinking not simply about new programs and policies
 It should be made clear that in keeping with tradition, a Boula is a man disguised as a woman. 
 Ninth Circuit ruling -- allowing an officer to be held liable for injuries a man suffered after being Tasered -- sets a precedent that may force agencies to revisit their policies. 
 Police: 1 Deputy Killed, 2 Wounded In Ambush At Houston Bar A man with an AR-15-style rifle ambushed three constable deputies outside a Houston bar early Saturday
 In one case, a 19-year-old Walmart employee in Santa Fe, New Mexico, was verbally abused by a man after asking to see his beer receipt. 
 Clyatt politely chatted with a man and woman who were staying in the room with two young children. 
 If convicted, Arpaio could face up to six months in jail, though lawyers who have followed his case doubt that a man of his age would be put behind bars. 
 According to her case file, the woman told a patrol officer that a man she''d broken up with came to her home and raped her. 
 In 2013 a man was shot and killed by police after he reportedly came charging at them with a shovel. 
 "I''ve got a huge amount of respect for him as a man , as a husband, as a father, and as Welsh captain. 
 after a second yellow card  left his side a man down for the last 25 minutes. 
 UPDATE: NBC12 in Richmond reports the victims are a man , woman and their 10-year-old son. 
 How is it possible, both critics and friends ask, that such a man as McCarrick could ever rise to the highest levels of the Church? 
 "One day, a man in his mid-50s came to my office and shared the painful story of being sexually abused by his pastor. 
 In Riverside recently, a man 
 By becoming a man ! 
 30  who was shot April 7 by deputies responding to a report of a man with a knife at a West Hollywood apartment complex. 
 a man and injured another in Los Angeles. 
 kill man in Hollywood domestic-violence call Police responding to a domestic-violence call shot and killed a man in Hollywood early Thursday, authorities say. 
 Like: "Erasmus was the last man who could have been said to know everything a man of his age could know. 
 "Be a man ," Ali''s father told him. 
 That night, officials had distributed a video of a man walking near a car fire at the Hollywood & Highland Center parking structure. 
 Brother Phelps, Dec. 15th, Wrote a letter betraying ''a lightness of spirit that ill becomes a man placed in the important and responsible station that he is placed in.'' 
 George H.W. Bush entered the White House in 1989 with a reputation as a man of indecision and indeterminate views. 
 "Once I saw a man from Germany at a kvartirnik at my friend''s place. 
 The shooting game confronts main character Booker with moral decisions - like saving a man 
 In it, his villain, a man named Vernon Griffith
 Coming from a man who won two All-Ireland senior medals with Cork  and county championships at club level in the colours of Sarsfields
 Organizations are the biggest guns of all, and some men and women who make Lanza look like a man of modestly murderous ambitions have had their fingers on their triggers and still do. 
 If someone tells a man that she has two women in mind for him
 News) – A man 
 It started when a man in Kentucky died in an ATV accident and his organs and tissue were donated for transplant. 
 On June 30, 2018, a man stabbed nine people, all of whom were refugees, at an apartment complex in Boise. 
 Trump sought to clarify his comments Friday afternoon again on Twitter: "Looting leads to shooting, and that''s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. 
 We heard from a man who described how he''s still haunted by having to decide which victim to help first. 
 Journalist Simon Winchester tells us about the history of skulls and a man who obsessively collects them. 
 A photographer witnessed a man urinating just off the station in the middle of the day. 
 A second-half goal from Ryan Casey and a man 
 My God, I''ve been wondering ... but I''d never ask a man what he did for a living.'' 
 He was a man adrift, so he traveled, a lot. 
 A "wayne" was a man that built or drove wheeled transports, says Parents. 
 Gulliver''s Travels, starring Jack Black and Emily Blunt, is a fun adventure film about a man named Gulliver who ends sucked by the Bermuda Triangle and on an island populated by tiny humans. 
 for example  would get him a stern talking-to by any real producer  and the less said of the notion that a man of Oliver''s background could so quickly get up to speed on the ins and outs of equalizing
 BRADY: We also talked with a man from Mississippi who says last year there was a comment on his YouTube page from someone named Nikolas Cruz saying
 Orchitis can also develop if a man becomes infected with the mumps or hepatitis, so being sure to stay up to date on all vaccinations is essential. 
 That group has staunchly defended the current state law on the books that restricts marriage to a man and a woman. 
 A winger requires speed and bravery, and as a man who was the first to soar into space in 1964 Gagarin lives up to this position. 
 A man who identifies himself as a druid says he''ll lay in front of bulldozers in an effort to stop the project''s construction. 
 And in the upcoming comedy The Big Sick, Kumail Nanjiani will tell the true story of how he, a man of Pakistani descent, met his Caucasian wife. 
 Maybe you assume that, because he''s a man , he''s used to rejection. 
 Once home, he was assaulted by a man who beat him repeatedly on the face and head. 
 Cannot a man be what he is? 
 In the interview, Mary Trump described her dad as a man whose kindness was seen as weakness in a power-driven family. 
 the global president of Christie''s  the exhibition hope to provide a fascinating insight into the broader tastes of a man who was deeply admired all over the world. 
 Albuquerque police will seek a murder charge against a man now that a woman has died of injuries suffered when she was doused with gasoline and set on fire Sept. 24. 
 Kim met Han Seong-ok in China in 2009, after Han had been trafficked from North Korea as a bride to a man in China. 
 There were also several other episodes involving US diplomats in disguise, including a man dressed as a woman, who then changed back into men''s clothing in a public toilet. 
 The fact that the Commission has accepted support from Peter G. Peterson, a man who has for decades conducted a relentless campaign to cut Social Security and Medicare
 NFL practice squad journeyman and undrafted free agent out of Wisconsin-Whitewater, Jake Kumerow, is playing like a man fighting tooth and nail for his shot on the Green Bay Packers final 53-man roster. 
 Minn. – Police say no one is hurt after a man drove through a construction site and got his car wedged into a set of train tracks. 
 WOLVERTON, Minn. – A bonfire in Wolverton, Minnesota got out of control after a man poured gas on it. 
 A man 
 "The more a hypocrite has accustomed himself to his own righteousness, the more he is driven to despair; and the more a man falls outwardly and is wounded in his conscience, the more he lets go of himself and is driven to Christ," ibid.,232. 
 Yunus, a man of extraordinary visions
 "Song of Songs" is written in the form of a poem, a love song between a man and a woman, symbolizing the relationship between the Almighty and humanity. 
 You end up at the waterfall, where Griffin finally decides to ask how you see a man around his own age. 
 The more a man possesses in this world, Yah''shua taught, the more difficult it will be for him to leave it (Mt.6:21). 
 He was a man of unquestioned character and integrity and their marriage was the ideal mating of congenial souls. 
 Men, regardless of HIV infection status, aged 18-44 years living in SSA who reported anal sex with a man in the past three months were recruited at four sites in Kenya, Malawi and South Africa. 
 A man who was making a smoke bomb was hurt when it went off Sunday afternoon in Holly Hill. 
 and the base against the honorable. 6When a man shall take hold of his brother in the house of his father  saying  Thou hast clothing  be thou our ruler
 In Apocalypse XVIII Abraham sees "beneath the throne, four fiery, living beings...one was like a lion, one like a man , one like an ox, and one like an angel." 
 3 1Faithful is the saying, If a man seeketh the office of a bishop  he desireth a good work. 2The bishop therefore must be without reproach
 he shall not approach: a blind man  or a lame  or he that hath a flat nose  or anything superfluous  19or a man that is broken-footed  or broken-handed  20or crook-backed  or a dwarf  or that hath a blemish in his eye  or is scurvy
 Hillary Clinton campaigned against violent video games when she ran for Senate in the mid-2000s, and after a man opened fire at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012
 whereon was as it were the frame of a city on the south. 3And he brought me thither; and  behold  there was a man   whose appearance was like the appearance of brass  with a line of flax in his hand
 reported to the police that while in the main lobby of the VA Medical Center in Washington  a man "bumped his entire body against mine and told me I looked like I needed a smile and a good time." 
 What kind of a man was Martin Harris? 
 I had always liked that name and your father agreed that it was a good name for a man . 
 Paul is making a contrast in these verses between a man and a woman joining themselves together, and the members of Christ joining themselves to God. 
 In a remote hall in the heart of Jerusalem, a man with a long beard, peot (side locks), a black hat and a black frock walks onto the stage. 
 From my experience, a man will do just about anything to avoid telling one woman he has met and fallen for another. 
 For instance, I went to school with a man whose middle name was Fairchild - after his grandmother''s surname. 
 They adopt him as the paradigm of a man 
 A man is in custody after the body of a woman was discovered lying face down in a gutter near his motor home in the G... 
 My oldest sister, Elizabeth, married and raised a family by a man named Lloyd E. Archer. 
 Science, including the economic one, presents many aspects of the consideration of a man as a subject of the economic environment reflected in the relevant concepts: work force  personnel  collective
 In John 14:23 we read, "Jesus answered and said unto him, If a man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him." 
 The first settler who came to this land was a man by the name of Benjamin Roach. 
 For by covetousness a man injures his neighbor by not communicating his goods to him  whereas by prodigality a man injures himself
 "So how many friends do you think a man my age has got, damn it? 
 Alongside of me there was a man who did not comply well, and they kicked and punched him for about an hour. 
 Sinai, by a man named Mr. Tichendorf" [S5P61]. 
 as part of the language of an additional motion defining marriage as "between two people  traditionally a man and a woman," that no pastor or church will ever be forced to perform or host a marriage it does not agree with. 
 Hanging down from the helicopter in a kind of halter is the life-size statue of a man dressed in robes with his arms outstretched so that he looks almost as if he is flying by himself
 Using such software to track a man , even a soldier under orders, was illegal, a violation of the covenant, unless the man ordering it.... 
 A man went to visit a new neighbor. 
 Be sure, however, not to trek around the globe (or your city) chasing a man , soliciting him to spend time with you, to define the relationship, and such. 
 Gird up your loins like a man , I will question you, and you shall declare to me. 
 Numbers 6:1–2 states, "God spoke to Moses saying, ''Speak to the Children of Israel and say to them, a man or woman – when s/he sets himself apart to utter a Nazirite vow and set himself to God..." 
 The seminar is conducted by a man named O''Brien, who is portrayed marvelously in the film by Richard Burton. 
 It is the least I can do for a man that fought for our country. 
 After Adam recognizes Eve as "flesh of my flesh," the Torah declares for all ages: "Hence a man leaves his father and mother and clings to his wife, so that they become one flesh (Genesis 2:24)." 
 The statement reaffirms conservative evangelicals'' belief that marriage is between a man and a woman (and presumably their lawyer when  you know  it doesn''t work out half the time)
 Response: Moral evil is a privation of the good, but founded in something positive, just as a blind man is first of all a man and then blind. 
 But Kerouac was a man of little polish–in his dress, in his writing. 
 When a man passed one day riding an elephant  a group of the village men cried out asking the rider to let them touch the great beast
 A man you were deeply in love with felt the same way about you, and now the two of you are married with a beautiful child. 
 Abraham is referred to as the "Ish Ivri", which literally means that he was a man who stood on the other side of the riverbank. 
 "Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. 
 she pulls off something even trickier  plunging us into a sometimes-confusing narrative that involves a man who actually sees nothing clearly. 
 The Torah says that in certain circumstances, a man is OBLIGATED to divorce. 
 Since Love was pursuing me to the usual place, I, drawn up like a man who expects war, who provisions himself and closes the passes all around, was armed with my old thoughts. 
 "Jim Hackett is a highly experienced and respected business leader, a man of integrity and a devoted member of our Michigan community," Schlissel said. 
 We have already called attention in these notes to the fact that apparently Peacock was a man of long experience on the plains. 
 I think it is interesting, but I heard a man talking about the solar system and the universe and the videos that they put out on that  who is an astronomer
 The notion that God is a man in the sky comes from the images of Greek and Roman gods who found their way into Christian art during the Renaissance. 
 MASON CITY, Iowa – A man is sentenced for smashing the windows in a rental property. 
 the Man (Adam) says of the Woman  "This one at last  bone of my bones  flesh of my flesh . . . Therefore a man leaves father and mother to cleave [vedavak]to his wife" (Gen. 2:23–24). 
 said  "We''re thrilled to bring back the Heart of a Man series this fall. 
 PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Portland police say a shooting at a popular late-night restaurant left a man critically injured. 
 ROCHESTER, Minn. – A man originally charged with murder for causing a woman''s suicide has been convicted of a lesser felony. 
 We should of learned with Obama that by not vetting a man properly we could get another....... 
 He is a man of many different hats, but he''s a super talented songwriter and producer as well. 
 ROCHESTER, Minn. – A date that began with people meeting on an online dating website allegedly ended when a man was robbed of $1,000. 
 In one case, the report says, police officers fired 45 rounds at a man who was running away, killing him. 
 Arson detectives obtained an image of a man observed at the location before and after the incident. 
 [14]: The mother, grandmother, etc. and daughter, granddaughter, etc. of a man you had homosexual intercourse with (may Allaah protect us from such trials) 
 A K9 officer helped Springfield police make an arrest after a man stole an SUV and led them on a chase up I-5. 
 NEW YORK (AP) - Police are searching for a man they say tried to mug a New York City subway passenger in what was being investigated as an anti-Asian hate crime. 
 around 3 p.m.  officers responded to a Shadeland house on State Road 25 West for a man with a possible gunshot wound to his abdomen. 
 Plaintiff Simon Glik witnessed police arresting a man in the park. 
 DC – U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Acting Director Tom Homan confirmed on Thursday that a man arrested in connection with setting a fire in Sonoma County ... Continue reading → 
 novel) Year Before Last (1932  novel) My Next Bride (1934  novel) Death of a Man (1936  novel) Primer for Combat (1942  novel) Avalanche (1944  novel) A Frenchman Must Die (1946
 Salim was a man who had suffered from epilepsy for a prolonged period. 
 More important was the legacy of integrity and humility he bequeathed to his proud family, proving that a man can achieve success without compromising his values. 
 When a man gets that dissatisfied with his job, he has to stick it out" (p. 86). 
 If Clinton was a man of parts  not a hollow shell  one of singular vision  of true confidence and fixed goals
 Marvin Miller was such a man . 
 Bryce Dessner is a man who slips in and out of musical guises with disarming ease. 
 In 1930, a man arrived who was to be for the White Sox statistically  and more important  emotionally
 How can you expect a man guilty of election fraud to tell the truth anyway? 
 A man who does that is like one who has a tree full of fruit in his garden  but instead of eating the fruit when it becomes ripe
 He taught him to observe the sense objects, to know the mind and to know the sense objects, using the simile of a man catching a lizard hiding in a termite mound. 
 and while his half hour shows would certainly have their moments  the intangible feeling that comes from hearing a man who was happy in what he was doing was gone. 
 If a man searches for a well-developed allegory, let him read John Bunyan''s Pilgrim''s Progress. 
 I interpret that to be that confession is what a man does when he''s already saved. 
 a man down. 
 I recall Joseph as being an absolute gentleman who lived beside the Fire Station in Linenhall Square and was a man who ran shows in the Newry Town Hall called Little Lyrics of Loveliness. 
 and had not formed a man to till the ground. 
 A man with a horrible fear of water is forced by wife to take the cruise in order to overcome it. 
 "It''s an election to crucify a man they hate  and they''re willing to destroy the nation to do it " he continued
 He said that Journal of Discourses is not prophecy or doctrine, but the discourse of A MAN (not as a prophet) given HIS OPINION (not as a prophet  but as a PERSONAL believe)
 The 25th World Tournament Adult Division begins, and Krillin is about to go fight Pintar, a man about 10 times his size! 
 And whoever touches any thing that is unclean by the dead, or a man whose semen goes from him; 
 At one wedding he saw a man dancing while balancing a bottle on his head, which inspired the creation of the famous bottle dance. 
 which was to send a spacecraft equivalent to Apollo  part of which would land on the Moon with a man in it, then he would return, they''d dock in lunar orbit and the er main part of the spacecraft would return to earth. 
 "My pop left when I was young, so he didn''t teach me how to be a man , nor how to raise a child, or treat a woman. 
 The downside was Detroit had a man on base every inning except the fifth via a walk, error or hit batsman. 
 He added that "statistics show children do best in marriages between a man and a woman." 
 She was photographed with a man , who, some reports claimed a lookalike of Depp, as they grab lunch together in California. 
 The original work was published in four separate novels between 1924 and 1928: Some Do Not..., No More Parades, A Man Could Stand Up- and Last Post. 
 If you''ve seen a man running in the area of 99th and Antioch wearing a BIAV Minayn Man sweatshirt
 On Monday, the Haywood County Sheriff''s Office in North Carolina published a 911 call from a man who claimed to have talked with Brian Laundrie on the Appalachian Trail near the Tennessee-North Carolina border. 
 Witnesses at the scene described hearing shouting and a ''loud doof'' sound and said they had heard a man calling security and crying. 
 is a paraphrase of the words his mother utters when giving birth to him -- that she has "acquired " kaniti  a man with God.11 
 According to legend, in the audience that night at Carnegie Hall was a man 
 The thought experiment continues with the sudden appearance of a man who procures a seed, something never seen before in this bizarre universe, and plants it in the ground. 
 And since greater charity is evidenced by a man satisfying for another than for himself  less punishment is required of him who satisfies for another
 Objection 4: Further, if a man do something which may cause death  by striking  or by sentencing  and if death does not ensue
 Now a man who is without mirth  not only is lacking in playful speech  but is also burdensome to others
 inasmuch as He is Man; even as in Socrates we place one being inasmuch as he is white  and another inasmuch as he is a man , since "being white" does not pertain to the personal being of Socrates. 
 Moreover, it has an effect on the appetitive power, when for instance a man delights in the things to which he is rapt. 
 the fear of mortal dangers  which stupefies a man , and anger which makes him behave like a madman, as Seneca remarks [*De Ira i, 1]. 
 Now when once a man 
 Reply to Objection 4: Just as a man ought not to do evil that good may come of it  so he ought not to rejoice in evil
 Therefore actual sin, which a man has committed through his own act, must take its remedy from the man himself. 
 Objection 3: Further, Hugh says (De Sacram. ii) that "after a man is made a cleric, he must from thenceforward live on the pay of the Church." 
 Hence the Philosopher says (Ethic. iv, 7) that " a man who boasts for the sake of gain, is viler than one who boasts for the sake of glory or honor." 
 A Domestic assault Tuesday was alleged with a Laurens County Sheriff''s Office placement of a man in the Johnson Detention Center Wednesday morning. 21-year-old Jesus Alejandro Martinez of Smith Road
 Here''s a man who approached the founding of the Order and its insurance program with ''an entrepreneurial zeal.'' 
 The third reason was that the present petitioner is a man 
 Then I saw a man I knew in the vehicle. 
 I moved out of the house 3 weeks ago to become a man and I''m now renting a house with my friend, a 5 minutes walk from my parents house. 
 MOSINEE, Wis. (WSAU) – A man 
 Only when he returns does his brain confirm what his eyes have told him: it is the badly burned body of a man in a footlocker. 
 It is they who infuse consciousness into a man , and draw it away out of him. 
 The driver, a man with graying hair, continued to curse us with agitated gestures. 
 You may recognize the name of the city from the famous poem by Gustave Nadaud, about a man who dreamed of seeing Carcassonne before he died: 
 But as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world. 
 So did a man who ordered a pretzel roll. 
 a man called David Harrison who committed a hit in Staffordshire and is suspected of having committed many more hits. 
 Ringgold County Sheriff Mike Sobotka reports a man and a woman were arrested last Wednesday on drug charges. 
 There were reports earlier in the day about a hunting camera picking up a man who appeared to look like Laundrie in Okaloosa County, which is hundreds of miles away. 
 In Estonia, the life expectancy gap between a 25-year-old male graduate and a man of like age with the least formal education has widened dramatically, rising to 13 years in 2000. 
 If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, who shall intreat for him? 
 In it he depicts a man sitting and looking up something in a book. 
 A man of the press and of conviction
 , Waheed Omar, a government official tweeted in response to a billboard message by Malawvi Ansari where it says '' A man is a coward whose woman disregard Hijab''. 
 A man came in the front door and apologized for running late. 
 Endnote 61 Canada''s plains bison seed herd is said to have originated with a man called Samuel Walking Coyote
 Zivkovic, Zoran: "The Bookshop" A man who owns an SF bookshop and who sometimes writes SF receives a strange visitor one day. 
 Yavapai County Sheriff''s officials are looking for a man , who is wanted for dangerous drug possession and fleeing police. 
 The Greek word translated "men" and " a man 
 When I was about 1 1/2 city blocks South of the intersection at North and Washington Streets I saw a man crossing Elm Street from South to north. 
 One day, whilst watching a movie, a man and a woman started kissing on-screen. 
 Liskin makes no sensational claims about this approach and describes Trager in his opening chapter as a man in his mid-eighties using a walker in a retirement facility. 
 "Old woman," Carmichael said again, "if you were a man -- " 
 " A man now dead. 
 Any destruction of a man is evil. 
 Almost to a man , they''re violent, nasty and small-minded. 
 a man as a ma cant able to convince his wife to perform those sensational moves. 
 No, the lord and master of New Testament Christianity is a man of integrity
 Puzzled, Angel looked at a man , dressed as a Viking... wearing a horn hat, with long red breaded hair, a fuzzy red beard, and brown leather pants. 
 There was no marriage between a man and a woman, but one man with many wives as King Henry the Eight would show us. 
 he said "I see a bright sled" Flying behind those deer And snug in the sled All dressed up in red " A man , so jolly I hear." 
 a man throwing a ball to a child would be described as a father  a elderly person holding a baby
 In 1994, a man named Brian Pinkerton developed the first capable web crawler. 
 I realized two things upon reading this book: one, love is not enough to make a man want you in his life forever, and two, you don''t have to be a doormat to make a man hopelessly in love with you. 
 The Master said, ''If a man take no thought about what is distant, he will find sorrow near at hand.'' 
 Recently, Amurei, who engaged as labourer in a brick field, eloped with a man hailing from Tangkham of Imphal East. 
 A Man   Historical figure that lived 2500 years ago  and reached after much hardship training a great Enlightenment
 Nicholson plays Robert Dupea, a man from a privileged background who seems desperate to avoid commitments and his wealthy past. 
 are of one kind and nature; so that whether for a hundred or two hundred years only  or for an infinite space of time  a man see those things which are still the same, it can be no matter of great moment. 
 He also told Melissa he didn''t want to end up like David Tiscareno, a reference to a man who shot and killed two Topeka Police officers back in December 16, 2012. 
 Not All Rights Are Alienable Whensoever a man Transferreth his Right
 the Accusation is followed with Punishment; which being Force  a man is not obliged not to resist. 
 Forum basement: the middle of the night, a dark and stormy, quietly, gently, a man hanged in front of the barber shop ... 23. 
 And I''m more and more proud of her, standing up to a man like Merle with such confidence. 
 he had employed the whole time of this tete-a-tete in actions more worthy of a satyr than a man of worth and honor, to whom I thought I had intrusted my companion and myself. 
 LIBERTY, on the other side, is the power a MAN 
 it is convenient  if not necessary  to know the names  before one endeavour to frame these complex ideas: unless a man will fill his head with a company of abstract complex ideas  which  others having no names for  he has nothing to do with
 A man   when he enters any profession
 Shortly after its inception John Smyth, a former Anglican clergyman and " a man of able gifts and a good preacher," was chosen pastor. 
 She auctioned it off during her new song ''I Went to an Auction'' and sold it for $50 to a man in the front row who was bidding against himself. 
 a free man and not a slave  a man and not a woman. 
 a man 
 This is the highest status a man 
 I would have gladly made myself available to discuss this legislation with Father Canavan, a man I have immense respect for
 In its religious aspect, it consists of mutual respect and protection between a man and his totem  and which sometimes  performs rites and ceremonies for its multiplication; in its social aspect
 when he wanted and how he wanted  to a man located anywhere on the globe. 
 Delivering the Chief Guest''s address Honourable Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul lauded late Shri Nani Palkhivala as a man who had left an indelible mark in the sands of time
 pronounced /ˈpʌndɪt  ˈpændɪt/;[2] (abbreviated Pt. or Pdt.) is a man with specialised knowledge or a teacher of any field of knowledge in Hinduism [1] particularly the Vedic scriptures
 It has taught me how to be a man and be more mature. 
 The day after we left a man tumbled 20 stories from the South Rim but survived. 
 The idea, originally conceived by a man named George Byron who ran a company called Bioteknix on the planet Yamaki
 The same day, a Novosibirsk-Khujand flight brought home the body of a man from Panjkent identified only as Yoqubov. 
 a man who wasn''t very attractive. 
 Currently, there is a man who has been arrested for exercising his 1st Amendment rights in 2016. 
 I can see it from here, wading the Hudson like a man wading through a brook . . . A bulletin''s handed me . . . Martian cylinders are falling all over the country. 
 Just days after STD launched their cover-up, a man baring the name Jim Summit took up residence in Chicago, IL. 
 I am a man ; "a man big enough to admit his mistakes; smart enough to profit from them and brave enough to correct it." 
 A man and a woman learn to trust each other, give attention and enjoy their partner, gratefully accept what a loved one does. 
 A man standing upright. 
 Either because they look like a man themselves or they''re fed up with men altogether. 
 When a man is a friend, is he friend to some one or not? 
 Readings: Wis 9:13-18; Ps 90:3-4, 5-6, 12-13, 14-17; Phmn 9-10, 12-17; Lk 14:25-33 PUUTING GOD FIRST There once was a man who had nothing for his family to eat. 
 "I saw a man . 
 Sometimes one thinks of him as a man who sought worshippers, people who were idolatrous about him. 
 A man cannot be strong without a connection to God. 
 To me, the spectacle of a man drifting serenely along through such a queer yarn without ever smiling, was exquisitely absurd. 
 Not revealing her identity, she takes a job as his nanny, and later takes the blame after her son Suraj kills a man . 
 Whatever affection a man suffers from
 A man means strength, power, and he is an aggressor or a defender. 
 Along the way, we will remove Saddam Hussein, a man who absolutely, positively has weapons of mass destruction, a man who will use these weapons against his neighbors because he has done so in the past
 After some twenty minutes, Florence saw a man limping along the house-fronts, towards them. 
 Just like a man but can''t make fire, which seems to be all. 
 To a man exiled for decades: Now, why won''t you come home? 
 A man and his dog were "paralyzed" as a luminous white object dived toward them and climbed again. 
 whether a man has done what is expedient or harmful  but frequently make it a matter for praise that  disregarding his own interest
 nor yet will a trainer of choruses allow a man who sings louder and more beautifully than the whole band to be a member of it. 
 an engineer and naval architect and until recently innovations and technology counsellor for Business Link Wessex  a man 
 and therefore it results that the courageous are bold  but not that the bold are courageous; for boldness comes to a man from art, or 
 Police arrested a man called John Dickman, who was subsequently executed. 
 Mr Roberts is still young, but he is a man who seems to see time in a long continuum  with himself a part of a bigger process
 Even though Vin was only a couple of years older than JD, the man possessed the wisdom of a man who had lived a long life and seen too much. 
 A man may keep company with his wife during her menstrual period for eating
 saying that its twelve hours of light  and that it''s this light that enables a man not to stumble. 
 This is what you get when you trust a man with your heart! 
 Exiled for 2,000 years God must retake the Earth from the clutches of his nemesis using a man caught between life and death as His vessel. 
 "Not a man –no
 They remind me a little of women who are self-destructive hoping that a man will care enough and show that he loves her enough to set her straight. 
 Man arrested for stabbing 100-year-old 05-Mar-2007: A man 
 Speaking of [U.S. Army Military] Intelligence, there is now attached to the Military Police a man who until Spring [1918] was Instructor of Jui-jitsu [sic] in the [91st] Divisional School of Intelligence
 By thetime I made it to the porch, I knew the scent of the male (hecertainly wasn''t a man , though I couldn''t quite pinpoint what hewas) who had made this his home. 
 She''d trained in the king''s army and served two terms of service before someone noticed she wasn''t a man . 
 They carried rifles and short arms openly on the street in broad daylight and they pursued a man in a manner that suggested that they intended to cause him serious injury at least. 
 what we all have done to create a world where a man could be forced to chose between obeying his superiors and committing such atrocious acts  or being killed himself
 John 3:4 Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother''s womb, and be born? 
 And when you see a man speaking bad about a single one of the Companions of Allaah''s Messenger (sas), then know that he is a Zindeeq (heretic). 
 a man /woman or satisfying their ever-present spiritual thirst. 
 It was done in the dark with a rubber hose from the gas tank of a man who lived in the nearby Magnolia Apartments, and it was stealing. 
 On bomb hit a building under construction and a man who''d tried to hide there was blown to bits. 
 Several days ago a man named Frank Suolski  alias Schultz  of Parry  is alleged to have stolen a $50 radio from the store of John Etris
 She could not accept her femininity and pretended to be as smart as a man . 
 between a man and his wife." 
 Originally posted by SoBe85 the girl that has the solo scares me...looks like she could be a man ... hope i didn''t offend anyone... 
 A patient at the first interview with a therapist says: should I go to a man or a woman? 
 Her latest hit was on 15th August, 2019 at New Muthaiga Estate, where she drew a pistol and threatened to kill a man on allegations that he was spying on a relative of the Director in a company where she was a private investigator. 
 He was under no professional obligation to write this abusive pamphlet regarding a man who was in his grave, and was once a friend and benefactor of Bacon. 
" Kenny G''s "Over the Rainbow " and Richard Elliot''s "When A Man Loves A Women" will melt the listener''s heart with a velvet kiss of sound. 
 Many of you are familiar with the proverb, "Give a man a fish and you feed him for the day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." 
 A man without a nation (an émigré) defies the ordinarily accepted categories and provokes at best pity  and at worst
 I looked at it and the cover read in bold type "The Beast" and it had a drawing of a man , a woman and a child with "666" on their foreheads. 
 It seems fitting that a man who calls himself "The Special One" would be on this list. 
 Kevin questioned the man with the money  telling him  "the fact that you want to finance this movie (about a man physically turning a man into a walrus) makes me even suspect being in business with you." 
 We then follow Garfield to a small-town bar, where his dance with a man quickly escalates into a scene reminiscent of Boys Dont Cry
 She has no way of knowing the weather is about to turn on her in the worst possible way-or that she''s about to meet a man who will change her entire life. 
 A man with no government portfolio  Yemane Gebreab  the political director of the ruling party
 About going on the internet to seek out 11, the ideal thing is it doesn''t restrict a man to some geographical place. 
 She was not a product of the union of a woman and a man . 
 If you pay selective attention to a complex game of ball passing, the odds are good that you will miss a man in a gorilla costume walking through the scene and thumping his chest. 
 As they say,..you can not stop a man from dreaming however rediculus it was, a man is entitled to dream 
 anyone?)  so the idea that marriage will change a man is a bit shortsighted and old fashioned. 
 If a man has problems with his lymph system, he might develop genital lymphedema – a swelling in his penis and/or scrotum. 
 A man   Mohammed Seto Umar  34 of Bode Fulani via Ilesha Baruba  Kwara State
 Similarly, in Egypt, Khalid Said, a man who was tortured and killed fueled protests against police violence. 
 For a man that has nearly done everything on the football pitch
 Named in honor of a man who gave so much to golf
 You are NOT a man of snafu, but definitely a man of sniffu, able to unearth the delicious truffu. 
 However, how a man embraces competition is a another story in itself. 
 Here''s a really fascinating international story, about a man named Rakesh Saxena, who''s an immigrant from India. 
 The previous owner of the home, a man named Eugene Butler, was known as an eccentric recluse. 
 "I''m sure it''s uncomfortable for a man to have sex with a pregnant woman too. 
 Instead of not praising a man for not robbing a bank, we should praise him for owning the bank and robbing the rest of us. 
 highlighting the durability of its product by unleashing a "gorilla" (actually a man in a costume) on it. 
 "When a woman comes, it''s a sensual experience you cannot have when screwing a man ." 
 When a man volunteers to do the barbeque the following chain of events are put into motion: 
 Or do you want a man to raise your baby... 
 He said he was a man of his word, and he would push for reform." 
 As I Caught My Balance, I Saw A Man Running Away From Me With My Purse. 
 The man who preaches God must be a man of God (cf. Maximum Illud). 
 "But, sir, you do not surely mean to say that all these street Arabs are to go to heaven in the same way as a man who has kept shop, and been respectable, all his life!" 
 as he had been at Eliphaz.] 9:1Then Job answered  saying: 2Indeed  I know that this is so  But how can a man be acquitted before God? 3If he wants to summon him to court
 6For taking your brother''s pledge without cause And stripping a man   leaving him naked
 a man is believed to have killed his... 
 Im tired of crying becaue i cant find a man who will love me for me, but who wants my fat ass? 
 It is the stand of a man who hopes to be picked for "war president"--to command the current U.S. drive for world domination. 
 songs performed with the unimpeachable quality you would expect from a man who can afford the pick of the session crop. 
 God would be just another powerful man, like a king, nevertheless a man , therefore limited in time and space. 
 The priests had taught him how a woman pleases a man but had given him no instruction on how a man pleases another man. 
 There''s a lesson there: Never mess with a man who has nothing to lose. 
 A man can eat heartily and then die from starvation if he does not digest what he eats
 a man I am honored to be his friend and brother...and he has never, ever voted for a Dem or a Rep for president... 
 It was wrong for him, a man , to be treating the boy like a girl. 
 a man of extraordinary ability  of superlative popularity and a man who, to my mind, exerted the greatest moral force for good in the University. 
 Joe, a man who works hard and travels a lot, leaves his family behind for the holiday, citing a business trip. 
 Authorities in Allentown say a man died late last month from injuries he sustained in an automobile accident–in 1965. 
 Notwithstanding his early career as a community organizer, Obama, like Jarrett, is fundamentally a man of the inside. 
 "She''ll still have to find a man sometime," Ginny said angrily. 
 none of the captures made have required quite as much strength as did the arrest of a man named Schneider, early in 1882, and also early in the lieutenant''s police career. 
 who gave money to the newsboy to supply his needs and wants  and who had telegraphed ahead to a cab company to send a man to meet his boy at the train. 
 or by Paul Albertson  whose initial adolescent inarticulacy as Lasca gives way to a two-dimensionality as a man caught between competing female forces. 
 I recommended that the sergeant not be tried by court-martial, because I did not believe that there was a man in my troop who dared to testify against him, and if they did the sergeant would likely kill them. 
 and not all the petting and the lionizing in the world will compensate for the denial of the elementary rights of a man ., the right to choose his own visitors, to visit his own home, and to receive the money which he has earned. 
 According to Amal there was indeed a man 
 Now mostly forgotten, Lal Bahadur Shastri was a man of vision and of supreme patriotism. 
 While he was idly considering the scene, Jimmy suddenly noticed a man slipping unobtrusively along the promenade beyond the line of pit booths. 
 A man can fail many times
 "We were told to think of it as a tumor that kicks so that we don''t have to consider a man being pregnant and get stuck in thought-loops." 
 The same thing should be done with a man 
 his change of mind regarding gassing Auschwitz came as he read the Leuchter Report  which was compiled by a man without even basic competence in the field  who fraudulently misrepresented his scientific background
 The gap between her side and the wharf widened like a slow yawn, and then, just as the slack water was beginning to ruffle, a man pounded on to the wharf. 
 The plain truth is that the victories of our democracy have been won with a despot at its head Years ago a man 
 The bill read: "Whosoever shall be guilty of rape, polygamy, or sodomy with a man or woman  shall be punished; if a man  by castration  a woman
 Why should a man be afraid to think, and why should he fear to express his thoughts? 
 Two shopkeepers told Reuters independently that they saw a man drop a bag inside the trading centre moments before the blast. 
 let''s find a man behind on his child support, let''s become his children, let''s call him Papa. 
 Jôken, the Dharma Seal, serves at "the witness" of the story, a man who continues to serve Go-Shirakawa loyally 
 "When I downloaded the iPray app, I didn''t realise the default ringtone was a man reciting the call to prayer," she said. 
 This is the story of a man 
 A 40-year-old Hastings man told police he was riding his daughter''s scooter when a man walked towards him. 
 In Kabkabiya, a man was shot by robbers inside his house. 
 a man 
 Not a man , woman, or child attempted to "go for" the Taipo. 
 In In Re King,9 the Court was faced with a writ of habeas corpus from a man sent to prison for five years solely for an attempt to commit sodomy. 
 I left the court, a man with whom no honest settler would care to shake hands. 
 a man was killed in the capital Pointe-a-Pitre. 
 There was a man standing on the bridge. 
 The 45-year-old actor shared a statement on Tuesday saying he is "saddened and angry that a man who I worked with used his position of power to intimidate, sexually harass and manipulate many women over decades." 
 Marks stands on a sidewalk next to a man who seems insistent on chatting. 
 Besides this traveling1 religion a man who walks the streets has opportunity enough to shew his attachment to any saint in the Calendar
 I Am a Man ! 
 There''s something in the connection between two women that differs from that of a woman and a man . 
 The aute kite was made to resemble a man –that is, it was made with a head, body, arms, and legs like a man. 
 a man struck by a car on Monday. 
 Therefore said the blessed Comforter, Marvel not, that wait is laid, by that Evil One, who in several Vessels, as a Man of War, doth strongly stear them. 
 She was walking around the village when she spotted a man cutting 
 A man , woman, and female infant died following the fire, which badly damaged the house and a car parked outside. 
 A man who was critically injured during an attempted van theft in Auckland has died in hospital. 
 All I see when I read YG is a man with a bullhorn shouting "hzbna Tefiu!" 
 He is a man who advocates for driving others from their ancestral land or subjugating them under his rule. 
 Diane recently brought in a picture of a man fishing with a young boy who was missing a tooth. 
 a man with Klinefelter''s only if he was in a relationship with a man (or rather, with a person who also has testes). 
 When Gael was 19, a man possessed by the spirit of an elder during one his mother''s séances said to him  "You will get where you want to go
 A man is dead after the motorcycle he was riding crashed on the Crown Range this morning. 
 A man usually paddles at one end of it and a woman at the other; but in smooth water little exertion is wanting
 Remember, " a man with a little knowledge soon displays it" I forgot who said it. 
 The vehicle was later located by troopers being operated by a man on Route 80 in Killingworth. 
 Sanjeev fails to recognise them during a police line-up, but something about the ring-leader, a man with a fearsome gaze, gives him pause. 
 " A man was taken to hospital, where he remains receiving treatment to injuries. 
 According to police, a man wearing a hooded top fired two shots at the parked car, which was empty at the time of the incident. 
 Srikanth Pilla is a man of many degrees – receiving his B.S.  M.S.
 20 May 2021 Man Charged As Search Continues For Two Missing Brothers A man has been charged after two brothers went missing from north Belfast. 
 She brings the audience in close to see him as a man so we can envision ourselves as people who also have the potential to do great things, big or small. 
 MICHAEL MANN: He was a man who had not received a high level of education, but he was a highly intelligent man. 
 "A male teacher teaches children that a man can be nurturing. 
 24 June 2014 Man Charged Over Burglaries A man , aged 31, has been charged with a number of burglaries and hijackings. 
 If you were in the Old Mill Road area of the city in or around 7am this morning and saw a man fitting this description - or you have any other information that could help our investigation
 International female boxer Suman Kumari alleges that she was verbally abused and assaulted by a man on Friday. 
 One night, as my coworker and I were closing up, a man robbed the shop and raped me at gunpoint," she told Oprah magazine. 
 Despite countrywide outrage over the lynching of a man – believed to be a dairy farmer – in Alwar  Rajasthan
 Prabhas played a man who would nab criminals and then hand them over to the police in exchange for money. 
 currently seeing farmer agitations and religious protests  or Uttar Pradesh  where a man was killed on suspicion of eating beef, or Karnataka, where debates over a long-dead emperor led to the death of a man. 
 "He is now a politician, and I don''t trust a man who employs someone who meets with terror supporters." 
 Clovis New Mexico police say an Officer Chris Caron stopped a man on a bicycle for a minor traffic offense  when awarrant check revealed the man  34-year-old Anthony Baca
 Then she goes over to a man with his child and asks him why he is there  and as he is explaining
 The ideology of the Kharijite is based upon disrespect as it is reported in Hadith (number 6534), in which a man 
 As a man who''d suffered two major strokes in his life  my Pappy often times had difficulty speaking
 Will water cease to be a man to be precisely what? 
 Mr Irving claimed that Professor Lipstadt''s description of him as a man prepared to bend historical evidence  "until it conforms with his ideological leanings and political agenda"
 The Church, wrote Chesterton, can save " a man from the degrading slavery of being a child of his age." 
 skill and social realism than Orozco – a man of few words but many brush strokes. 
 at 255 ("Why  give me leave to say to you  ''tis a new way not known in England  that you will Hang a Man unless he will Confess or give Evidence . . ."). 
 Manu (2007) also defines leadership as the ability to get a man to do what you want him to do when you want it done, in a way you want it done, because he wants to do it. 
 was tempered These are the bones of a skeleton shattered and all put together again these scattered dry bones of a man These are the dry bones of jaws that ground together from hatred These are the dry bones that resisted
 New Scientist posted a related story, "Meet the team who ''woke'' a man from 15 years in vegetative state." 
 The Professor is Charlotte Brontes first novel, in which she audaciously inhabits the voice and consciousness of a man , William Crimsworth. 
 Peter Fidler was such a man . 
 parasite  pervert  a worm  a self-confessed player of the pink oboe; a man , or woman who by his, or her, own admission chews pillows! 
" in Ivan Ilyitch and Other Stories  1887  better known as "How Much Land Does a Man Need?" 
 Take It Like A Man 5. 
 A man the Australian Government said it wanted to prosecute for people smuggling schemes has been deported from Indonesia. 
 A brilliantly talented surgeon, Rafe is handsome, steady and dependable - everything Maddie has sought in a man . 
 In 2005, a man in Washington state shot and killed two Level 3 sex offenders after locating their addresses on the sheriff''s Web site. 
 On the descent into Seattle, she sees, from the plane, a woman menaced by a man with a knife and several large dogs. 
 A MAN who allegedly smuggled more than 350 people to Australia faced the Darwin Magistrates Court today
 When ( a man ) by stealth seduces a girl who is sleeping  intoxicated  or disordered in intellect  that is the eighth
 He who has been bitten by a dog, a jackal, or a donkey, by a tame carnivorous animal, by a man , a horse, a camel, or a (village-) pig, becomes pure by suppressing his breath (Pranayama). 
 Mr. Bad Example has the grizzled, worn look of a man who has many bad habits, and indulges them often. 
 He was a man you could trust, and was a kind and very helpful person. 
 On February 26, gardai and the HSE launched a probe following the death of a man in his fifties at a timber processing plant in Enniskeane, West Cork. 
 She added that they lived "real terror" before they were offered help by a man called Abdullah Shdid and a girl called Maysa Abdullah. 
 Fugro''s hydrographic director Mark Sinclair is a man who always knows how to find his way. 
 A man named Bobby Clarke went into a house there which already had thirty or forty people in it. 
 HENRICO, VA (WWBT) - Henrico police have arrested a man they say stole several items from a cemetery. 
 who was employed by the CroyDoc out-of-hours GP surgery in Croydon  has admitted that his mistakes led to a man having his leg amputated. 
 In 2011 they produced this classic where a man walking his dog on Christmas Eve encounters the first festive snowflake. 
 an adult woman from her social class still did not leave home unless accompanied by a man . 
 He said "No, am I not also a man "  immediately taking up stones to drive us back from him
 And a man shouldn''t have it any other way. 
 When he was 21⁄2, Oz Decatur was beaten and left for dead by a man who then killed his mother. 
 and the question also is why a man who owned two licenced guns would choose to use a less powerful desi katta instead. 
 And so she gets married to a man who seems decent enough, hoping to get laid regularly and respectably. 
 He was a man of high principle with a burning sense of justice. 
 While exploring the streets our first morning, a man approached us and introduced himself as Mr. John. 
 Linz  Austria] -- was responding to pressure from the Mauthausen Committee and the Leftist lobby Network  run by a man called Robert Eiter. 
 Foe is a touching and well-written story of a man lost in himself and lost in a world he didn''t grow up in. 
 A man who brought sustained success to Richmond in the 1960s and 1970s after two decades in the wilderness
 It is no great eccentricity in a man to pull down his cuffs in order to show the sparkle of the rubies in his links. 
 and his affinity towards technology as both an acrobatic pilot and progenitor of synthetic music  to be a man seemingly more human than most
 They will give whatever a man wants. 
 " A man ''s gotta have a little bit of fun, you know." 
 stated in his authoritative digest  " A man can be forced to work in order to maintain his wife and infant children." 
 A man has died after his ''autopilot'' electric car collided with a tree and burst into flames. 
 Charlotte Mecklenburg Police are seeking a man accused of sexually assaulting a woman and robbing her. 
 A man   suspected to be depressed due to a Rs.40 lakh debt
 insomnia  headaches and heartburn than if their boss was a man . 
 but a couple other guys with him being in the building before  just to find out what they thought of him as a man and as a coach and everybody gave him a thumbs up." 
 There''s only one thing that has her going with her brother to the east coast is a man named Matt. 
 In the western part of the state, a man pled guilty to felony larceny of ginseng from private property. 
 Dhaka: A man was killed and dozens  including police personnel
 But she said she was at the protest "to speak about a man called G M Saibaba,a former Professor of Delhi University. 
 "In the whole human race, there is no greater criminal than a man without money." 
 If you are a man , society is your master. 
 Kashyap, a man who refuses to be governed by the diktats of conventional storytelling
 Matt was everything she could ever ask for in a man . 
 And yet he was still yet a boy, a boy that was made a man by whatever his conditions are that he lives under. 
 For a man to become an assassin is to renounce family and title if one has either. 
 The chair spins round and we''re greeted with the sight of a man in his fifties. 
 a random butterfly fluttered around in the air a few feet above the ground  and a man in his early 50s quietly made his annual trek through the cemetery to visit his wife''s grave. 
 I didn''t see a man dart out until it was almost too late. 
 A man is never cute." 
 A man 
 Eura used our shapeshifting to become a man for Rosalia. 
 A moment ago, I was a man made of lust, and now, I am a man filled with a different type of heat, one fueled by infinite fire. 
 A man living in Canada''s largest and most diverse city  Toronto  will likely be soon be on his way back to El Salvador
 a man who values his personal space – but the words die on his lips. 
 In a cornfield nowhere in rural southwestern Minnesota, a man was building. 
 Marriage between a man and a woman must be protected, supported and strengthened and not undermined. 
 Russell was a drinker, and not the good sort, unlucky and suspicious, a man who thought he loved a game of cards, but should have never been allowed to play. 
 Reportedly, the first ever Chinese Emmissary of the Han Court to reach this far west is Zhang Qian, a man today still hailed as the first and among the greatest early silk road explorers. 
 Like subsequent inhabitants, he was a man with imperial pretensions (before he died in 1916 he proclaimed himself emperor)
 These cards took the form of single sheet of paper with a caricature of a man or woman accompanied by a few lines of uncomplimentary verse. 
 This version panders to a British or European reader who expects a man or woman from an aboriginal group to be exotic in appearance and beliefs. 
 I''ve now seen a man wearing a pyramid on his head – tick. 
 a man or white woman. 
 The 83-second video depicts a man climbing rock walls in British Columbia and Newfoundland and Labrador  as well as a construction crane in Toronto
 He seems a man propped up by aides, a cardboard figure given life by the establishment, a soul whose only joy is victory. 
 The gay marriage debate is not going away despite the Howard Government''s defining of marriage as between a man and a woman to the exclusion of all others, supported by Labor (the alternative liberal party). 
 A man nudges his child forward with Rs25. 
 He''s told her there''s going to be an O''Hanlan marriage very soon to a man with grey hair and since I''m the only single eligible girl left in the family..." 
 A man 
 For he indeed was a man of faith, a man who suffered in defense of the faith, a man I personally held in high esteem. 
 He is contacted by a man who claims to have actually seen not one but many monsters. 
 It profits a man nothing to give his soul for the whole world... 
 All men die He is a man 
 At one point he tells us of a man called Earl
 "He had the purposeful look of a man accustomed to deciding the destinies of lesser people." 
 A man doing that would be locked up. 
 nor had anybody on the roof with high powered guns and with radios as their manual says they will  or had a man in Dealey Plaza to look at the man on the roof and to look at the windows as their manual says they will. 
 How can you possibly release on his own recognizance a man who was just arrested and then released  also on his own recognizance  on March 15
 that he saw a man throwing stones with two fingers (at something) and said to him  "Do not throw stones
 ''Umar saw a silken cloak over a man 
 Abu Musa told that a man came to the Prophet and said  "One man fights for booty  one for the reputation of fighting
 She would have said more, but a noise at the hall doorinterrupted her, and she looked up to see a man in the opening,while behind him appeared the maid, protesting angrily. 
 I spoke like a child  I thought like a child  I reasoned like a child; when I became a man , I gave up childish ways. 
 just as there is a transitional time of life when the boy is passing into a man and you scarcely know which to call him. 
 from the Prophet (صلى الله عليه وسلم) who said: "May Allah beautify a man who hears a saying of mine, so he understands it, remembers it, and conveys it. 
 First, consider the words: "There was a man in the land Uz." 
 Dr. Dennis W. Neder, author of Being a Man in a Woman''s World, is dedicated to advancing the arts and sciences of relationships. 
 Fort Worth-based American Airlines confirmed Sunday that a man tried to open an emergency exit door while the plane was in the air. 
 I remember to have heretofore read the storie of a Romane ( a man of speciall dignitie) who flying the tyrannie of the Triumvirate  had many times by the sutteltie of his invention
 The greatest thing of the world is for a man to know how to be his owne. 
 If a man continues to speak the truth and makes truth his objective
 So, how can a man /woman talk about DJing, battling, Breakdancing, etc. when they lived a thug life most of their lives? 
 Crichton was a man who played a pivotal role in the JFK assassination investigation. 
 There is no philosophic truth, I believe, so well calculated as is the Theosophical doctrine of Karma to give a man the fortitude to endure personal injustice with courage; because a student of Ancient Wisdom knows that somewhere
 It is only Allah Who determines the birth of a man , his community, his family and the experience he will have throughout his life. 
 The Minchas Yitzchok (10:68:2) asks, may a man sit in between two women since only walking between them is a problem or is sitting a danger as well? 
 a man to send into space (Alan Shepard, 1963). 
 In March 2008, CNN reported that the US had launched a missile strike on southern Somalia against a man wanted by the FBI. 
 Additionally, the Book of Enoch, a part of the Dead Sea Scrolls, contains the tale of a man 
 We had a man come to town when I was a wee lad and he had a movie camera and a penchant for movies. 
 One would be hard pressed to argue that these attitudes are the mark of a man willing to forge a genuine peace. 
 By practicing to draw in the bindu, discharged during cohabitation, whether one be a man or a woman, one obtains success in the practice of Vajroli. 
 For it is disquieting to have to wait even for blessings, and, since most benefits afford relief from some trouble, if a man leaves another to long torture when he might release him at once  or to tardy rejoicing
 and expecting me to feel indebted to a man who had just as little intention as they of performing a good act, yet chanced to do me a service? 
 especially the man she was spotted leaving the filling station with – a man who has made several attempts over the years to contact him  and a man that we  as an audience
 But it is absurd to say that a man will be happy by virtue alone, and yet not absolutely happy. 
 wisdom, - that deed and word should be in accord, that a man should be equal to himself under all conditions, and always the same. 
 not Leonardo  who we all know today from his ideas drawn in his notebooks but seldom brought to fruition -- no  it was a man named Francesco di Giorgio Martini, whose name is at the tip of nobody''s tongue today. 
 You''re a man right! 
 as three legions were annihilated  almost to a man , by the German Cherusci tribe under the leadership of Arminius. 
 I will miss him, and with fond memories remember this kind, sweet teddy bear of a man that I called "Big Frank". 
 One night, Whitsett was on guard duty when he heard a man whistling. 
 While working on her part-time job, Kanze met a man and fell in love. 
 I have a very active and strong libido . I need a man who is open, curious and adventurous. 
 and then go to adventure I don''t want someone too young  I like a man who is more mature, so have you got a basic understanding of me so far? 
 This is a man who lacks the words of explaining how much you matter to him. 
 I come to find my Mr.Right, and I hope to find a man who can be my future husband. 
 18] Esav became a man who understood hunting  a man of the field
 Obviously they had a lot of possession and we were a man short but we frustrated them for the majority of the game. 
 After a long search period, I finally located a man in Ilinois who had cassette tape recordings of four of the shows. 
 Their anecdotes and appreciations paint a portrait of a man whose greatest contribution to jazz was that he enabled others to contribute equally. 
 Holocaust  etc. Religion is only how a man interfaces with his god. 
 His biography speaks of a man who was passionate about ensuring that the country was developing. 
 While he may have a strong gospel background he also sings about typical life problems, Just a Man from the album Stories is a good example. 
 A man who has a child out of wedlock, high chances that he will still cheat on you. 
 I need to marry a man who is grounded and keeps me grounded. 6. 
 Their union caused a fuss on social media as people judged the princess''s decision to tie the knot with a man young enough to be her son. 
 "The President has a man called Eugene Arhin who is his Communication Director
 The challenges of Hart''s passing as a man 
 a man tormented by decisions; who wanted to be as far from Paris as he could. 
 For example, Cheryl had a very civilized conversation with a man who said he was returning to Iraq as an Air Force pilot within a few days. 
 It is very difficult to find a man who perfectly understands the position of the soul  the Supersoul  the atomic soul  their respective functions
 more ''Nothing easy can ever really be satisfying'' - FOR a man whose satire helped to end the era of deference
 Behind her, she could hear the sounds of a man furiously packing. * Petula. 
 A man who judges without the truth, and he knows that. 
 a man ) whom I have been chosen by. 
 This is a man that has facilitated the deaths of probably hundreds of thousands of civilians. 
 At least Jack was taking this mess seriously, and seriously worrying about a man who would tailor a story to Blair''s emotional soft spot. 
 Running as fast as they could, they moved to the sound of a second scream, this one was from a man . 
 The TV showed a hospital room with a man in bed in a coma. 
 a man /(Go mama go)/And so I''m gonna shake and shimmy it/The best that I can today/(Go mama, show ''em mama)." 
 I am Rephaim, a man who is to find those reincarnated from the Goddesses and revive them." 
 RCMP have notified the Independent Investigations Office of British Columbia about an incident in Clinton where a man was injured by a police dog. 
 7. maintain chastity in thought and deed, being faithful within the covenant of marriage between a man 
 Black America had nothing to offer a man who enjoyed being rich and famous in white America. 
 and "The Executioner of the Malformed Children" in which a man with special talents discovers the truth about his battle against alien invaders, are both better. 
 Tarzan tracks down a man who has been mistaken for him. 
 To speak of a man as you find him when he can''t find you. 
 We passed a man 
 There in the moonlight he saw a man throwing a sack across the horn of a saddle. 
 At approximately 9:45 a.m. Thursday, officers saw a man running across Highway 20 near Mendenhall Avenue in Upper Lake. 
 A little boy got on the bus, sat next to a man reading a book, and noticed he had his collar on backwards. 
 a second-rate writer and a creature of the night; a Talmudic man devoted to the Cabala; and a man whom Borges considered his guru from the first moment. 
 Dick Baker was a giant of a man , born in Chicago, 1916, and growing to 6''2" and 350 pounds. 
 He did not press the matter further, but if ever a man had murder in his heart it was William Cecil Clayton  Lord Greystoke  when  a week later
 Of a footballer, of a father, of a man . 
 Nor was it long before they entered a lofty chamber at one end of which a man reclined upon a rich couch that stood upon a high dais. 
 The creature must have been about the height of a fair sized man; its features were similar to those of a man ; yet had it been a man? 
 It''s one thing for a man to be attracted to other women, it''s quite another thing to rub your nose in the fact. 
 But we had to keep our heads up and we matched them for most of the game, even with a man down, so we have to keep working and try as hard as we did against Spurs, especially in the second half. 
 a man who would go on to hold the record for consecutive England appearances (33). 
 Tévez loved the moment and looked like a man 
 He was just trying to step up and do right by a man who meant as much to him as he did to Sam and Dean (even if we never saw that side to the story). 
 How far at a given time a man 
 whom he had received as guests in his own house  he described Menelaus as taller than Odysseus and as a man of fluent but short speech; yet  he added  Odysseus was the more royal when they both were seated
 He was, and continues to be, a man whose heart is filled with an appreciation for the beauty of the Creator''s original design for marriage. 
 "Cruel folk you are, unmatched for jealousy, you gods who cannot bear to let a goddess sleep with a man , even if it is done without concealment and she has chosen him as her lawful consort." 
 William Barclay notes, "It is the kind of toil which takes everything of mind and sinew that a man can put into it. 
 You know the mentality was that you don''t look a white man in the face when he''s talking to you, especially a man ; a Black man don''t look him in the face. 
 The first time I heard someone talk about nonviolence was a man by the name of Glenn Smiley, who worked for the Fellowship of Reconciliation. 
 Sohm calls a slave " a man who is not regarded as a person, but as a thing. 
 If he who kills a man of God sins against God, he also who presents himself before the judgment-seat becomes guilty of his death. 
 "Give me a young man in whom there is something of the old  and an old man with something of the young: guided so  a man may grow old in body, but never in mind." 
 One of your readers asked about the Stone-Campbell Movement preacher who had the following exchange with a man whose wife was homely: "Well  you know beauty is only skin deep " the man said  to which the preacher replied  "Well
 On November 14, 2001, a man 
 If a man who has three wives is converted to Christ, must he abandon two of them? 
 Peter drew a sword and sliced off the ear of a man named Malchus, who was the slave of the High Priest (John 18:10). 
 "Take this, for example," he said, and in his deep voice once more began to read: "'' A man grows old; he feels in himself that radical sense of weakness  of listlessness  of discomfort
 but they can add nothing to assist in his generation  2 Kings  c.4  v.14 (for which purpose a man like Elisha is required). 
 This is an important point, and it should not be confused with the false assertion that a man can give up responsibility for his actions. 
 The money scene portrays a man responding to a help-wanted ad. 
 a man . 
 After the operation, a man is likely to feel some pain or discomfort for several days. 
 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother; and cleave to his wife; And they twain SHALL BE ONE FLESH: so then they are no longer twain
 Garst quickly returned to the vehicle, grabbed a man and dragged him to safety. 
 The next link was about a man stabbed to death in the apartment complex across from hers
 The Do(o)little Report: "Why can''t a man be more like a woman?" 
 In the foreground of the left-hand side is a man with dogs, who was not mentioned in Courbet''s letter to Champfleury. 
 then you are physically attractive and you are defrauding men and will stand in judgment before the Lord for causing a man to stumble (II Corinthians 5:10). 
 and paternal substance  and intellect  and everything which  though previously having no existence  accrues unto a man , growing little by little, from a youthful period of life. 
 While the approval rate for a man slapping his wife has decreased by half, the notion that it''s OK for a woman to slap her husband has remained constant. 
 For under the influence of this dope a man is capable of bringing coldness or evil to another man and even not behold it. 
 "Thats fine; but Im warning you, dont sent it to CNN first, or Ill give them my opinion of a man who uses his power to have sex with an employee on government property during a working day!" 
 Shouldn''t a man in his position strive to look his best  wear his clothes properly – hell  at the very least
 In declining to prosecute Sievert, the state pointed to a decision in a federal lawsuit in which a judge awarded a man damages for his arrest for videotaping police.... 
 So true is this that when a man /woman earnestly applies him/herself to remedy the defects in his/her character
 G-d said: "When I brought the Flood, My bow was stretched against a man . 
 Udhava again asks "What is the difference between a man of freedom and a man in bondage". 
 You brag about what a good christian you are all the time on the guestbook and then you make a comment about a man who has just killed himself as getting himself in a tissy. 
 Such considerations, however, do not demand that a man should have the absolute right to stand his ground and kill in any and all situations. 
 I also have to hand it to Woody Allen, a man I don''t admire much as a person anymore, and whose talent may be on the wane. 
 "Wall of Delusion" by Jerry J. Davis is the story of a man who killed his wife and her lover and now wants to die himself. 
 a man who is smitten by her. 
 A man is to be blamed only for what he does himself, for that alone tells what he is. 
 Though the head of "the enemy" Dhon Do is essentially a good man, a man of conscience
 '' A man , strong and handsome as you, can surely have a choice of wives?'' 
 Each night during deep sleep, a man normally has three to five erections. 
 "I''m a man with balls who was crying," he said harshly. 
 One month after the Liuzza murder, Richard Perkins, a man who knew Thompson, approached the Liuzza family. 
 She sees a man walking ahead of her and they eventually meet at an old country fair site. 
 They''re looking for a woman, so if I dress like a man ...and walk like one too...." 
 ELDORADO, Texas (AP) -- An arrest warrant has been dropped for a man thought to be the husband of a teenage girl whose report of abuse triggered a raid on a polygamous sect''s Texas compound
 the bank''s chairman-- a man named Carolo Canesi begins grooming him as a potential protoge. 
 He also used to be a passionate online gamer, which prompted him to write the story of a man who joins an MMORPG game hoping to raise money for his daughter''s heart surgery. 
 I do not think we ought to be too anxious to convict a man who does a thing thoughtlessly. 
 In Weymouth, a man and a woman doused a pump with gas and set it on fire at a gas station owned by a man from Lebanon. 
 It now appears a man 
 A search for a man fitting the description of Antonio given by appellant was unsuccessful. 
 This is often delivered by a man . 
 are sadly provided with a confusingly unsound theory to accept; that being  that a man who was a sinner  as Prophet Muhammad is portrayed to have been
 fresh off his massive critical and box office failure "Battlefield Earth " rebounds with another non-gem about a man desperate to save his house and business by any means necessary. 
 He''s a man for hire. 
 You had it plan To bring in a man But you didn''t know That I would have come back and catch you so. 
 "Ian William Moore, 30, was arrested Friday after a man went to pick up his daughter at Kid''s Country Day Care in Normandy Park
 Then she discovered a man she had been dating for years had intentionally infected her with the herpes virus. 
 He asks if there''s a man in her life and she asks what he means!! 
 A man cannot command Kensai, after all." 
 John : Ringo, are you a man or a rat? 
 20 " ''If a man has sexual relations with his aunt,j he has dishonored his uncle. 
 Zach is a man that eager to share his knowledge for the good of those around him and is passionate about service to others. 
 This misleading (oft kitschifying) treatment of a man who throughout his life regarded himself as a theorist, is most unusual for literary life in the west. 
 Shouldn''ta sent boys up against a man . 
 kas I promised David your father  saying  ''You shall not fail to have a man on the throne of Israel.'' 
 A man said: "I"'' and went out, claiming: "I am Jesus." 
 12 A man who endures trials m is blessed
 It''s bad when THINK LIKE A MAN TOO is possibly his best role he''s done. 
 Accounts at the beginning of the 20th century suggest that women could use izintando, or love potions, to attract a man and men could also use umuthi (medicine/potion) to hayiza a woman and induce her to love him. 
 "It is natural you should feel indebted to a man exhibiting such loyalty  and so superior to yourself
 A man 
 Is it true that a woman knows how to pleasure another woman better than a man ? 
 Kemptville capitalized while down a man to open the second
 The striking giant of Cerne Abbas is a 180 foot high figure of a man bearing a 121 foot long club, incised into the chalk of the hillside. 
 This is a story about a man who has a strong will, he didn''t give up on life, and continued enjoying life. 
 "The chief of the martyrs is Hamzah (the uncle of the Prophet) as well as a man who stands before an unjust ruler  commanding him with good and forbidding him from evil
 Even after doing a great deal if we feel we have done nothing, that is despair People keep a man without hope at arm''s length We preserve our despair so zealously as if that itself is the biggest joy 
 DC: "Our outstanding jazz artist this evening on the show, a man that we''re very proud to be able to bring to you people here in Canada
" (2) "the likeness of men " and (3) "found in fashion as a man ." 
 We are talking about a man grossly... 
 What he knew did not actually come to pass, because it involved the voluntary response of a man , and that man chose not to remain in Keilah (Dale Yocum, Creeds in Contrast, 1986, p. 55). 
 Consequently, a man is free so long as his volitions are conscious expressions of his own mind
 The boy told Gonzalez his stepfather declared that he was now a man before putting the teen on a bus. 
 The girls left school and went to a home where the girl was directed to have sex with a man . 
 At one point, a man in the crowded courtroom left in tears, muttering something toward Ackley on the way out. 
 On the road ahead of you a man is approaching. 
 "When a man go through all of that just to play a tune  yuh could bet your last dollar
 Serrano noticed, perhaps more than other teens, because she shared something in common with the women in the news: A man she once trusted abused her, too. 
 The DNA had been matched to a man who was in prison for another, nonsexual offense. 
 Keller''s announcement comes after a criminal case was brought against a man and woman who have been charged with crimes related to sex trafficking a young girl. 
 It happens just as public attention has been drawn to a well-viewed video of a man seen hitting a young boy in a downtown Bakersfield store. 
 The same day a man by the name of Dickerd had been in the village and had managed to take rather more than was good for him. 
 It is the education which gives a man a clear conscious view of his own opinions and judgments  a truth in developing them
 Was Thomas Joiner Sr. a man lost in a deadly spiral of masturbation and guilt? 
 Dogberry attempts to use his language to prove himself a gentleman and a man to be reckoned with, but his failing with language actually reveals that he''s a doofus. 
 In late August, an NYPD spokesman confirmed to BuzzFeed that this spring, a man 
 Ask a man why he won''t report a rape by another man or by a woman and he''ll talk about confronting homophobia. 
 PORTLAND – A man 
 Several years ago a man entered his life, whom he identified as a cousin. 
 A man of great decency and honesty  he has been a part of several social and ecological movements
 Another example, Shingledecker said, is a murder-suicide in which a man kills his wife and children. 
 I can''t help but notice that you live like a woman from a culture other than your own, yet you choose to marry a man from your culture. 
 With Aneros products, a man can achieve strong
 The flaneur is also usually a man –young, aloof, casually registering the details of his surroundings. 
 the verse (Bamidbar 19:14) states: "This is the Torah: if a man dies in a tent, anyone entering the tent and anything in the tent shall be unclean for seven days." 
 Don''t forget, women have been trained to play hard to get, which may be another way of testing if a man is really serious about her (and will be a good provider). 
 As we both have agreed, it is primarily a story about a man who is down on his luck. 
 Here a man with an American father and Chinese mother reflects on his relationship with her. 
 equality of the sexes in education  and a limit to the number of wives a man could have. 
 When a man on a hot day looks at a running stream and sees the delicious coolness  he is really adding something of himself
 I believe that a ''good'' conversation with a man 
 After his birthday on October 17th, Shatta Wale decided to fake a shooting incident after a man of God prophesied that he was going to be killed that way. 
 Why should you want a man to die? 
 As King said in one of his last sermons, "If a man doesn''t have a job or an income, he has neither life nor liberty nor the possibility for the pursuit of happiness. 
 a man was arrested carrying weapons to a Pride event in Los Angeles the same day that news of Orlando broke. 
 The trailer promises an intense drama about a man (Ryan Gosling) that takes to robbing banks to support his son
 He is selfless and a man of integrity. 
 which portray women as a temptation that would bring down a man from the high spiritual pedestal that he could otherwise achieve. 
 opinions  and ability to express those thoughts and opinions are superior and more valid when that person is a man . 
 According to the Christian Research Institute, the Branch Davidians'' roots trace back to roughly 1935, when a man named Victor Houteff and his followers settled at Mount Carmel near Waco, Texas. 
 The first light takes a man to God whereas the other one, being a direct opposite of the Divine Light, is deceptive. 
 God made a man and God later made a woman, and so a marriage starts the entire Bible. 
 Technical progress is an indicator of intellectual development of civilization, development of mental faculties of a man and expansion of spheres of their application. 
 and  not least  because I consider Juan Cole my friend  and a man who won''t take the time to speak up for a friend who''s being blacklisted is, as the Godfather might put it, less than a man. 
 Wherever they tried to see a bride they came to hear a story or so about me that I was a man of bad temper or an adamant fellow or a drunkard or something like that. 
 This feeling is one of a man confused, angry and thirsty. 
 Still, a man does not know the truth. 
 in the joy of a hobby  without a care  is a man 
 a man of another creed
 and not all women are capable of being two or three times as competent as a man to accomplish the same things a man is allowed to accomplish. 
 Reubens was a man . 
 A neatly dressed salesman stopped a man in the street and asked "Sir, would you like to buy a a bottle of this mouthwash for $200.00?" 
 A man was sued by a woman for defamation of character. 
 This is an accusation against a man and a player whom aspiring athletes worshiped and baseball junkies enshrine as the gold standard of sluggers. 
 He was a man remarkably hard to understand or to reanimate. 
 How do I know that he who is afraid of death is not like a man who left his home as a youth and forgot to return? 
 If u felt threatened or saw a man going for a gun? 
 The sentiments in the phrase --- "to succeed a woman has to be twice as good as a man ; fortunately, that isn''t difficult" --- are wrong. 
 He was a man of very real talent, and perhaps genius, and well worth studying, both as a detective and a criminal. 
 "Well you can''t condemn a man for that it''s not a crime." 
 our duty in this case is to determine whether "the facts available to the officer at the moment [of the search] warrant a man of reasonable caution in the belief that the consenting party had authority over the premises." 
 It takes a minute for a man with a broken leg to limp down a hill and it takes a minute for a man to get something from a purse. 
 To a man , the Japanese reached up, pulled their eyes into slits, and made chattering noises like the Mongeese! 
 After having hidden in the toilet, Yoshi walked back to the exit, where a man in uniform, white-gloved hands folded behind his back was looking at him. 
 "You know, kicking a man while he''s down is really bad form." 
 Guitar Solo Where once stood a sweet & innocent man Now stands a man Programmed on Revenge And Bent on a Vengeance so cold
" and later  "in a community so organized  what can a man of honorable and humane feelings do, but shut his eyes all he can, and harden his heart?" 
 The monster is basically a man in makeup. 
 E: Gibbon was a man of his time
 An almost unrecognizable Brendan Gleeson, plays Mickie Abraxas who is as much of a hero as Panama has, a man who speaks his mind regardless of the consequences. 
 As for whether a man could possibly manage to walk into a bedroom after suffering a puncture wound to the heart: absolutely. 
 Which means, in practice, that a man is to be judged, not by his own character and actions, but by the characters and actions of a collective of ancestors. 
 There is nothing elaborate about his ethics; he wants to know whether a man , as a fact, is happy or unhappy, is lying or telling the truth. 
 It clearly answer''s Henry Higgins'' musical plaint "Why Can''t a Woman Be More Like a Man ?" 
 The filename in a in a man page should be relative to the base of the man page tree (usually ). 
 She''d not had a man to dominate in quite a while, and she had no idea how much she missed it. 
 "Hey, you two, you didn''t see a man about this tall pass this way, did you? 
 If a gay person asks forgiveness for being gay then the blood of Christ will wash away his sin just as it would for a man who lied. 
 He managed a seat for me from a man dressed like a black squirrel, muscling in on one of the few people shorter than I am, here. 
 For a moment, Xena thought that he must be a man . 
 He is said to be has-been, a man who makes his living by staging elaborate mystery parties at the homes of the very rich  not to say decadent
 a man - even a sleazy car dealer! 
 Proverb Never kill a man who says nothing. 
 Proverb Three things drive a man out of doors: smoke, dropping water, and a shrew. 
 Proverb A man is not a lord because he feeds off fine dishes. 
 Struggling weakly against the nails that pinned him, a man watched her from further up the road. 
 To a man of my age  it was  not too long ago  almost impossible to imagine black men carrying guns openly–black vigilantes
 When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father  [saying]  Thou hast clothing  be thou our ruler
 Charteris is a man perpetually endeavouring to be a free-lover, which is like endeavouring to be a married bachelor or a white negro. 
 But the best is that a man   who John Neely Bryan knew well  who shared property boundaries with him in Van Buren Arkansas
 But, after proceeding some three miles, a soldier rode ahead, and told the lieutenant there was a man left behind, upon which he ordered back three men in searched of him. when about five miles from Mr. Brown''s, Lieut. 
 It was a man with yellow-gold skin and thick, dark brows. 
 Ian Hart is very good at portraying a man who does some bad things and hurts his friends, but who remains a sympathetic character. 
 But then in England a man announcing these platitudes is generally a fool and a frightened fool, announcing them out of mere social servility. 
 "If you want to call him a man . 
 The idea of building a robot, capable to match the avenues of a man has always been under significant research by the Homo sapiens. 
 A man got out, and he pulled from the back of his belt a pair of reflective wands. 
 He had not originally been an evil man, only a man who  being stoical in practical things  permitted himself  to his great detriment
 It was just so weird and distasteful for a man to fall in love with and marry his sort-of stepdaughter. 
 Like the old Native American saying "Do not judge a man until you have walked a mile in his shoes." 
 "How can I keep my money with a man who won''t kill for it?" 
 Great turning points in life should be understood to use them for the better They are the success stories of many a man both in history and literature. 
 They were soon traced to a man by the name of Elmo Noakes. 
 A man who was ''cheating'' on Ayn to gain some unearned  cheap thrill or wasn''t deeply torn by his situation
 And remember, men --he is armed with a bat and, though it''s a nerfbat, a well-targeted blow could drop a man who hadn''t expected it. 
 A man is in a good condition, when he is thriving. 
 a man , a woman and a baby. 
 Both Heart of Darkness and Apocalypse Now depict a journey down a river in search of a man named Kurtz, who represents the darkest recesses of the human heart. 
 Ancient Samson Seal Discovered in 2012 A penny-sized carving showing what we think is a man and a lion gives the Samson vs. lion story some archeological street cred. 
 7:21 And it shall come to pass x1961 in that x1931 day, 3117 [that] a man 376 shall nourish 2421 z8762 a young 1241 cow, 5697 and two 8147 sheep; 6629 
 I recently had a talk with a man who was seeking a college educated wife who would stay home and raise ''his'' children. 
 In this conventional use Evil, which is manifested by the class of beings called Devils and which consigns a man to the orthodox Hell
 Alexander Skarsgård plays the mute Leo, a man on the search for his missing girlfriend in a neon-tinged future Berlin. 
 He is not a man who became god, nor a man who stands in a unique and perfect relation with God. 
 even now it is harder for a woman to get a novel published than it is for a man . 
 "You sure look like a man . 
 3:34 Thy hands [were] not bound, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, [so] fellest thou. 
 He was a man of many talents. 
 If every woman had to wait for a man to ask her to dance, she could wait forever. 
 He was a man about fifty years of age
 A man of enterprise and force of character  he was always planning and carring out worthy business projects
 6:18 Flee from fornication: for every sin which a man committeth is without his body; but he who committeth fornication against his own body sinneth. 
 But Tilt is much more than its hooky selling point, telling a story of a man trying to make sense of the world, failing, and then falling apart. 
 But most of all, to be remembered as a man who loved his family, his country and the sport of racing." 
 In South Carolina, a falling tree limb killed a man . 
 At another mental prompt, she gestured at the room''s vidscreen, where the image of a man who looked somewhat like the mutoid appeared. 
 "That get-up could give a man a heart attack." 
 Somewhere in Southeast Asia, a man sits in a small crowd, watching a shadow puppet play. 
 It''s intriguing, however, that they made a film so early on in their career that focuses on a man (Tom) who is constantly and desperately asked to draw on a pool of latent humanism and prove to everyone that he is
 a man responsible for the natural consequences of his actions." 
 He contends that, when we have an idea of a man , it has all the particularity that the impression of a man has. 
 He isn''t afraid to stab a man when his family comes to take out the competition. 
 Gardner''s obsession with the President of Eritrea, a man he has never met or spoken to, is evident in all his writings. 
 16:16 Let our lord give orders, and thy servants who are before thee, will seek out a man skilful in playing on the harp  that when the evil spirit from the Lord is upon thee  he may play with his hand
 I too, am a man of Science. 
 5:12 ¶ While 1722 He was in one 1520 of the cities 4172, behold 2400, [there was] a man 435 covered 4134 with leprosy 3014; and when he saw 3708 Jesus 2424  he fell 4098 on his face 4383 and implored 1189a Him
 It was very rare for a man to marry at age 17 and simply unheard of to marry at 15. 
 A man you had played saxophone with The Beatles and ska hero Prince Buster, to name a few. 
 [9] David Williams, A man dies after his e-cigarette explodes in his face  CNN (Feb. 5  2019)
 8:2 So I looked, and lo! a likeness as the appearance of a man   from the appearance of his loins and downward  fire  and from his loins and upwards  as an appearance of shining
 We''re asked to gasp in horror as Renee enters a bar bikini contest, and again when she confidently asks out a man she is attracted to, much to his astonishment. 
 Ralph Waldo Emerson If a man can... make a better mousetrap, the world will make a beaten path to his door. 
 28:20 ¶ A man of fidelity, aboundeth in blessings, but, one hasting to be rich, shall not be held innocent. 
 He does not mind, especially considering the fact that this lady is very experienced and knows how to satisfy a man . 
 though the spawn locations were a bit tight and predictable. - Regardless with a man down blue fought a solid battle owing the middle allowing for the ability to cap 4 times. 
 6:22 ¶ ''If a man doth sin against his neighbour  and he hath lifted up on him an oath to cause him to swear
 a man known for crafting a very specific, detailed look for his films. 
 I''m not sure how attached I am to feeling like a man . 
 I think that''s indicative that he was a man who had his priorities right. 
 After speaking to Ellerin''s loved ones, detectives with the Los Angeles Police Department began looking for a man whom her friends referred to as "Mike the furnace man," according to LA Weekly. 
 For example, while speaking to Deadline about the scene in episode 1, when the 15 year old Rock and his buddy find a man in the backseat of their car
 In video that has been viewed by millions of people–you can watch it here, though the content is graphic– a man kicks the sitting woman as the train nears a stop. 
 Ara was a man that always remained cool, calm and collected." 
 a man they''ve dubbed "The Moaner." 
 he ought to have proved  that the law which he transgressed was imposed upon him by man  and consequently that there was a man to impose it; for it will easily appear that neither the reformed or unreformed divines  nor the people following them
 He was a man of strong political  moral and religious convictions  and was always honest  earnest and fearless in their defense
 There could be no greater power than if a man were to subdue to himself the whole world and slay all mankind. 
 And so a man grasped the side of a 19-story high-rise that had caught fire in Philadelphia on Thursday and started descending. 
 When he heard the sound of breaking glass, the custodian noticed a man leaning into the broken window of a parked vehicle, according to an RCMP media release. 
 In the early 1990s the Internet was just becoming popular and a man with a vision left his job and home in New York to map out his course that would change consumer purchasing forever. 
 Among our current squad, only maybe Lee Martin has the capacity to trick and beat a man and open up some space for the rest of the team. 
 as it would be scandalous to have a man be so intimate with a sculpture of the Virgin Mary. 
 Here is a man who is helming a "coordinated strategy" against the Maoists
 A man has a mass of 70 kg. 
 While Dagny strolls through Galt''s Gulch she finds a man working at a pump. 
 a man is in a boat 2 miles from the nearest point on the coast. 
 His brother is a fighter and he hits a man with his car. 
 It was "indefensible" when Rick Sanchez suggested Jews run the media, but also "harrowing" to see " a man undone so quickly by a flash of his own seething id." 
 A man looks at signs of a closed store due to COVID-19 in Niles, Ill. US. 
 For instance, certain stakeholders believe that marriage should only be between a man and a woman, in other words, marriage should be reserved for heterosexual couples. 
 Is it significant that their biggest website, Livestrong, is dedicated to a man who was exposed as a spectacular cheat during the same period? 
 Two Lovers and Other Stories by NPO Tadoku Supporters, Sachiko Ichikawa A man has two lovers at once. he seems extraordinarily happy but in the end, an unexpected incident happens to him. 
 Ummmm, speaking of juices, I''ve a man waiting for me in the next bedroom, already waiting to show me why HE''S no 40-something virgin. 
 The Perl library for communicating with MySQL database, used in the mysql commandline client is vulnerable to a man in the middle attack in SSL configurations and remote crash when connecting to hostile servers. 
 a man made creation. 
 Jim Cavanaugh: But, Steve . . . is David . . . Is David a man of his word? 
 a man for Stella. 
 It turns out that nothing happened last night and that Alya will not tell - because of her family - clubbing and kissing a man is a bad thing. 
 a man how can he do anything right. 
 Cannon Hearne was a man of vigorous intellect, strong and active. 
 He also provides some somewhat cryptic sayings about things that confound or amaze him: the way eagles fly, the way of a man with a woman, how badgers defend themselves, and how ants provide for their needs (to name a few). 
 A man had two enemies. 
 Other digressions also occur: at one point del Castillo plays a man who has been arrested for brutalizing women, something he denies. 
 Clinton - 18 hours ago AS A MAN THINKS----FROM RELIGION TO REALITY - AS A MAN THINKS... 
 and here stands for the form by which a man is recognised. 
 There is nothing makes a man suspect much, more than to know little. 
 We learned, then, that Renaissance was not a man ; that renaissance was a term used to signify what was at best an imperfect rejuvenation of art. 
 Souder, a man given to considerable understatement
 A man in an Avon jacket standing quietly by the bar minding his own business was prevailed upon to loan it
 it was decided that he would be sent to follow leads on a man named Teruo. 
 John was a man of great kindness and modesty: the last person to push (or even volunteer) his opinion in seminars
 applied to other matters  would assure some reputation as a man 
 If you want to read a man page of the same name in a different section of the manual, you''ll need to specify the section number. 
 consider that there is not one thing on the face of the Earth that a man has not at some point put into his mouth for either pleasure or penance. 
 Vero Walter Garratt, A Man in the Street  (London  1939)  n/a  p. 96
 I kept thinking "jeez dude, be a man !" 
 If a man climbs into the sky on a mango-tree, how is it altered by saying it is only levitation, instead of saying it is only lies. 
 As Upton Sinclair reminded us: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!" 
 But I do feel a sense of deep regret that a man so intelligent and with the right credentials for the job he had, has brought this upon himself. 
 Always encouraged me on my approach & it meant a lot coz it came from a man who didn''t mince his words. 
 He bids them go to Galilee and find a man or woman in whom the greater part of evil (or the superfluity of naughtiness) is dead  that is to say
 Proverbs 29:5 says, " A man who flatters his neighbor is spreading a net for his steps." 
 When they sent me a man and he was not very careful, I told them about him and they sent me another nurse. 
 Brian Sewell: "... we grapple with the spirit of a man whose greatest innovation in the history of British art was immediate communication  telling and direct
 Maurice was described by his children as a man with "a particular passion for justice" and a "strong sense of personal ethics
 A flash of light, a man dies. 
 Marriage is a union between a man and woman under the guidance of God. 
 They are missing the experiences that help bond a man and woman into lifetime partners
 As a priest, an album called ''Speak of the Devil'' and showing a man spewing blood would certainly be cause for alarm. 
 A man on fire with God''s love  Claret embodied the special charisms of community  mission  evangelization
 Do you cry on account of this (heated) iron which has been made by a man for fun while you are driving me towards the fire which Allah  the Powerful
 I sang it like a man possessed and I was. 
 a man who threatened her in 2011 to stay quiet about her alleged sexual encounter with Trump. 
 If it was plainly made out that justice required it, I think this Court would interfere to protect a man from the result of bad management or misconduct of his case at the trial." 
 but they have at least a lingering suspicion that when a man does know what he is doing he cannot be wholly blameless whatever the experts may say. 
 In my judgment the reference to " a reasonable man " at the end of the section means " a man of ordinary self-control ". 
 Mr Edwards was killed by a man 
 He said he saw a man holding a gun fire and smoke come out of the barrel of the gun. 
 Such behaviour is normal between a man and a woman and so it cannot be said to be "strikingly similar", but that is not what the paragraph requires. 
 a man with a diagnosis of a severe learning disability, autistic traits together with possibly a cyclical mood disorder. 
 GC is a man 
 In the book of Genesis, God says that it is not good for a man to be alone. 
 I am not saying that a man 
 Give a man a rope and he will hang himself , give him a sword and he will fall on it, how true. 
 A man needs to look at a woman and discover there is something more to her then her body  that she is a person
 It was a pretty good movie about a man cursed to become a pig after World War I. There is some ambiguity about what meaning the movie might have
 It shows a little girl in a wheelchair reading the news, saying "They''re prepared to spend how much so a man can walk on Mars?" 
 The movie concerns the Ominous Appearance of a man everyone distrusts, because they are evil and he is – well, he is HIM: Love the color of the train. 
" however  is perfectly fine.) Likewise  a "cowboy" refers to the thing he herds; you''d never think of a man who rode a cow as a sowman, and the idea of a pigman is preposterous. 
 He was a man of wealth with many servants and influence in the community. 
 The current lord of Trail''s End, a man named Gilthen, claims to be a descendent of the founder. 
 Oh, please: her only role is that of jealous woman who wants to snare a man ! 
 The need for this work was apparent to Trisal, who remembers a man who spent six months in prison awaiting trial for illegally collecting pieces of wood. 
 I will answer "Well besides...and read off the list..., I am OK for a man of 98. 
 "Actus non facit reum nisi mens sit rea" which means "An act does not make a man guilty of a crime unless his mind is also guilty." 
 Lesego Makgothi would you trust a man who does not know a simple arithmetic, such as Jacob Zuma? 
 He takes it like a man though; so I buy him a drink. 
 Fake Marriage Proposal – During an Orlando Magic basketball game on Sunday a man asked his girlfriend to marry him in front of the entire crowd. 
 Writer: "And the payload could be a man , could it not? 
 Months ago a man was ordered on a mission which was identical to yours. 
 The Son of God came, and humbled himself as a man , and now he''s exalted, and sits at the right hand of God. 
 That''s what I get for marrying a brute of a man , a great, big, hulking physical specimen of a– " 
 Would You Prefer to Work for a Man or a Woman? 
 Suddenly, a party of native Africans arrives carrying a man on a stretcher. 
 Most people in our societies identify as male or female, a man 
 You remind me of a man . 
 a man made construct. 
 a clearly emotional Elkann delivered what amounted to an impromptu eulogy and message of gratitude to a man he called his mentor. 
 Levene never respects Williamson as a man because he didn''t earn his manhood out on the streets, and instead just picked up some tricks from books and school. 
 It''s believed the bodies in the front yard -- a man and a woman both in their 60s -- were pulled from the home by neighbors who rushed over after seeing the flames
 a man in crisis. 
 Kruzan was 11 years old and living in Riverside when G.G. Howard, a man nearly three times her age, spotted her walking home from school. 
 "Looting leads to shooting, and that''s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night " he tweeted  referring to Calvin L. Horton Jr.
 The function of work [is] at least threefold: to give a man 
 Compared to a man wired with explosives  women and children are likely to be able to approach a target more easily  evade scrutiny and
 The second reason is because this "myobama" platform was used by a man warning about Costas Axios with a heavily conspiratorial perspective on Jeremiah Duggan. 
 By way of illustrating that a man who has suffered special injury from a public nuisance may recover compensation therefor
 If a woman is trapping a man by having a baby is just flat out wrong  if he doesn''t like you
 77] That case concerned a man 
 She spoke to a man who said his name was Gary. 
 a man , since the employer had not produced risk assessments in respect of any of its employees, regardless of their sex. 
 One of the most beautiful characteristics of a man is one who is Kareem, generous. 
 The beam of light shot out, startlingly bright in the darkness and lit up the figure of a man about forty yards away. 
 But in the discharging of this blowe, a man must remember to drawe his left foote neere his right foote  & deliver it as forcibly as he may
 A man and a woman, one-time lovers, set off on a magical mystery tour of yesterday, with all its treasured memories. 
 fiercely Japanese with an affinity for western cultures  a man both highly disciplined and simmering with unchecked passion. 
 This is treating her less favourably than a man because of her sex. 
 I am searching for a man Single 
 To attend the Training, a man needs to pay a fee to cover MKP''s costs to put on the Training. 
 A man , Sir, should keep his friendship in constant repair.–Samuel Johnson. 
 A man of few words, he replied, "Well I get up in the morning with nothing to do, and I go to bed at night with it half-done." 
 A man walked into an bar with a cat and an ostrich. 
 When a man discloses that he has been sexually abused
 First choose a man . 
 When a policeman discovers the body of a man and his dog in a van in the woods, Okutsu decides to take leave and figure out what the story behind the solemn scene is. 
 Barry Westwood introduces an edited version of A Man Dies. 
 "I just kept thinking, ordinarily a man in his early 40s, a young man, would have a packed funeral," says Nielsen. 
 A President who puts a man in charge of the Justice Department who approved torture (Yes
 "President Bush is a man who finishes what he starts." 
 It''s not friendship, but the feeling of a man and a citizen, the feeling of humanity and of love for the Almighty. 
 A man named Nephi thought the answer was to preach Christ-not more perverted sex beatings of kids: 
 This is a history of a man , one of countless billions, who has lived and died on this planet. 
 a man and that it was possible that YHWH might do this without undermining His Deity. 
 In Deut 21:1-9 we read of the case of a man being found slain in open country. 
 A man needs a beer. 
 It says that no woman should be head over a man , or should teach over a man." 
 Once a man asked me: "How can a man perform sex with a woman if he has a prepuce? 
 On the opposite side of the valley, the river pointed out a spot where a man had been killed gathering Edelweiss. 
 seeing as the defence that Paul gave on future occasions could be misconstrued as the product of a man of intelligence who knew the ways of the religious Jews and who would have been acquainted with accepted protocols. 
 We readily see that the meaning of this Parable was, that a man might preserve His soul perfectly pure  and so enter into peace  while the careless
 by putting him to death  to prevent any mischief he might cause and not bring himself into difficulties by sparing a man who might make him repent of it when it would be too late. 
 Saul vows vengeance and David becomes a man on the run. 
 his eyes round with anger "Remember what the law of the Sauk and Fox decrees for anyone who disturbs a man on a spirit journey
 And by that odious Sauk custom, she thought, clenching her jaw, it would have to be a man 
 Vietnamese authorities on Friday arrested and charged a man with "carrying out activities to overthrow the government
 But that the society in which Timothy was working for Jesus could accept a man 
 If we ask why some particular thing about a man is like this or like that, we are referred back from the individual to the genus. 
 Since Cheramyes was a man 
 "For every rebel who puts his hands up, we need a man or two to escort him back. 
 When you look upon a man you know not and tell yourself he is odd and dangerous, you ensure he will come to think the same of you." 
 You''ve broken your trust; you''ve lived in sin and lies and blood; there''s a man you killed lying at your feet this moment, and you ask me why! 
 And he took another swallow of the brandy, shaking his great fair head like a man who looks forward to the worst. 
 And I also wrote a short poem while a grad student looking out a window: Imagine A Man ... in Angst Volume One Issue Two. 
 Hard to say, but Amos rasps the rapper''s lyrics-from the point of view of a man who murders his wife-as she imagines the dying wife, who "must have heard these words, locked in the trunk." 
 A bump was hit, a cry was heard, A man was killed by a flying turd! 
 to the end that by the same a man 
 All these changes can lead to a decrease in the ability of a man to impregnate his wife when he has a varicocele. 
 "Don''t you know that a man being rich is like a girl being pretty? 
 For what does it profit a man , to gain the whole world and forfeit his life?" 
 Do not accuse a man for no reason-- when he has done you no harm. 
 But I believe a man who deprives the people of his counsel is only doing half a job. 
 I''ve Been Away  When I Was A Boy  Heaven And Hell  Young Man Blues (studio version)  Heat Wave (A Quick One version)  I''m A Man   Under My Thumb  The Last Time  Barbara Ann  Batman  Mary Ann With The Shaky Hand (mono LP version
 The car stopped, a man handed him 200 rupees (£1.80) and pushed the car door open. 
 He stood up and said that the Torah taught that marriage was between a man and a woman and that homosexual behavior was a sin. 
 A man who are in the phone box, I think that means the program "Doctor Who" which was broadcast in the UK BBC. 
 "His music is plain-spoken and straightforward, sung in a charmingly cracked baritone, the voice of a man who''s been around and has a supply of good stories -- funny, rueful or grim -- to pass on." 
 I mean, you''ve got a 16-year-old girl and you''ve got a man who''s looking where he shouldn''t be looking. 
 Once upon a time there was a man who ran a fish and chip shop. 
 I once met a UT recruit - giant of a man , but dumb as a post. 
 He was a man who enjoyed such life. 
 Feed a man with a fruit, and you will feed him for a day. 
 The way a man speaks is the best proof of his worthiness or unworthiness. 
 but may not be performed properly  is the Mitzvah of standing up for a "zaken" or "zekeina"-- a man or woman who is over 70 (according to some opinions
 Kalio stepped on the chest of one of the big men with his thick military boots and shouted to a man in the office who wore glasses and was obviously a civilian. 
 A fitting spot for a man who a three-year old boy once viewed as the scariest pirate to ever sail the seas. 
 But what if the fleet-footed baked good stood taller than a man , was stronger than a moose and was more psychotic than -- well, a very homicidal confection? 
 Alex thinks nothing of it when he sees a man in a window across the street from Claude''s apartment, but the man doesn''t want any witnesses. 
 I think that it is pretty clear that my mind is made up about A Man Must Carry On. 
 A man showed up inspected the area where the Raccoons were gave me a price
 The dying creature stood up again and leapt onto a man of the Zhao family. 
 The group of murderers included a man named Joseph Peter Lynch who had deserted from General Kearney''s command at Fort Leavenworth
 It isn''t long before the mammoth warlord has found precisely what he''s looking for, a man already surrounded by two others. 
 a man of hardened  lifeless steel
 A man who didn''t want the child she forced upon him? 
 Whether it is because he is a man or because he''s too primitive to understand more complex emotions
 Misael hadn''t yet realized the broken English he carried, and he tried to let it not bother him, but since he was a man of fine English, it did make him wonder why his voice was not full and structured. 
 The date says, "But not a man you only talks about sports, or computers, or his job, or tv, or sex, or jokes, or his accomplishments..." 
 Maybe a man then, if she reaaally felt the need. 
 he took her from me  mutilated the only thing that I had to remember her by  hated me for having had another man  a man I never even wanted to–" you stifle a sob
 Atlas was a man who was increasingly comfortable with his desires and having them whetted by those willing to bend to him. 
 James Allen in As a Man 
 "He must be one who manages his own household well, keeping his children under control with all dignity (but if a man does not know how to manage his own household, how will he take care of the church of God?)" (1 Timothy 3:4-5). 
 This is a man who knows how to control other men. 
 One of Reagan''s favorite stories concerned a man who goes to the Soviet bureau of transportation to order an automobile. 
 There were a man and a woman hovering mid air as well. 
 It is important is 40 mg jelqing can increase and nicotine lozenge a man for momenttomoment experience both a keep in. buy citalopram hydrobromide. 
 This body has never been touched by a man . 
 Jupiter, a man who is useful to me," Saleen responded in magic language. 
 In a luxurious resort located deep within the mountains, a man relaxed in a natural hot spring. 
 This Folio edition includes many of Robert Burns''s best-loved works, from ''To a Louse'' and '' A Man ''s a Man for a'' That'', to ''Tam o'' Shanter'' and ''A Red, Red Rose'', alongside lesser-known poems and songs. 
 There was a man who looked like Huanglong in a sect on planet Suzaku. 
 I am a man , the two of you are still young maidens... 
 insisting on that one ladies'' hat-- and that one was only really weird  they pointed out  if Pyro was a man under there. 
 How do we stop a man that is throwing his soul away? 
 At a height like this, even a rabbit would shatter all its bones if it jumped down, much less a man . 
 They were a man and a woman, and they were both in their forties. 
 He went to the Blacksmith shop there was a man . 
 Kenji: Five Years That Break A Man –Year Five (Part 2) (20090831-20100418) It is always calmest before the storm
 He was dressed just like us, and except for me remembering that he was a man , I can''t remember what he looked like... 
 Beryl had no need for a man who could tell a Shanghai Softshell from a Sri Lankan Black. 
 Not wanting to induce the wrath of a man who could probably cleave the planet in two with his axe, the girls were up instantly. 
 I''m going to train you on how to be a man ." 
 An early highlight of the Space Race, its goal was to put a man into Earth orbit and return him safely, ideally before the Soviet Union. 
 A rift was torn open through space itself, and a man walked out. 
 Aunt Qing said you are very powerful, and I have never heard Aunt Qing praising someone like that, more so for a man . 
 The youngest and most good-looking middle-aged man was Huo Chen; a man with a lot of potentials. 
 Zeke gave him a mile long stare and Orison realized he might have gotten a little too personal too quickly for a man who was used to privacy. 
 a man happy. 
 a man in his 20s and a woman in her 20s from the Winnipeg health region  and a man in his 40s from the Interlake Health region. 
 Case in point, I know of a man who recently committed suicide due to not being able to leave his home & interact with others  nor work with others
 In fact, by posing as a man of the revolution against the old regime
 Although he knows every curve of her perfect body, Alberto is not a man to turn down such a proposal. 
 the man who made a UAAP MVP and champion out of him  was losing minutes to the pushing-40 John Feriols  a man easily four inches shorter and 40 pounds lighter. 
 In the bad end it''s mentioned that Misha being with Hisao was the first time she was with a man . 
 Now, 10 years later, a man has finally been arrested and charged with murdering one of those women. 
 By doing this a man 
 On the stage, when a man is happy he sings, and when a man is sad he also sings. 
 a man cave. 
 Asiedu''s co-conspirators falsely led each victim to believe that she was sending the money for the benefit of a man she met through an online dating web site. 
 Ms. Davis loves to tell people, "I know a Man , and He''s not from Detroit or Nashville – but He''s from Galilee". 
 In a shocking incident, a man allegedly murdered his sister-in-law and then sexually assaulted his mother-in-law following a family feud. 
 The Duke was grim - as befitted a man descended from the Borgias. 
 A man 
 A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife. 3. 
 In a gruesome incident of inhumanity that has sent shockwaves everywhere, a man 
 a man pranced around his stand, a stained apron hung around his neck, covering his grimy white, almost yellow, shirt. 
 Considering how "girly" Isabella is (to the point that one would not know she was a man were it not mentioned in the dialogue)
 A man is unattractive when he ignores valid criticism by redirecting the conversation with a criticism of someone else. 
 That God gave a man (Moses) the possibility to be a secondary cause in the working of miracles is also a tribute to the man
 Shame for thinking like that!) What women could kill a man who had her brother''s eyebrows? 
 A man whose philosophical outlook and the movement he has spawned are inspired by the ideas of Nietzsche and Darwin
 as the characters are treating it seriously  and for once it''s kind of believable; as believable as a vampire biting a man being confused for kogalism can be, anyway. 
 Warwickshire  England  I became acquainted with W. W. Walford  the blind preacher  a man of obscure birth and connections and no education, but of strong mind and most retentive memory. 
 And the sad thing is that Thompson, a man 
 As a man : he was a jerk. 
 a man ... ...err.... an individual, of his delicate breeding. 
 (69) The ideal Renaissance gentleman, according to one scholar, "was a man of absolute honesty and integrity. 
 and it certainly contains that essence  that nature  that effervescence that can only come from a man who wrote a song about how Link smells like his parts. 
 Last month, two events focused attention on the issues: a state hearing on boat noise regulations, and the death of a man thrown from a speeding high-performance boat. 
 For his latest cinematic effort, Jarvis travels to the Appalachian region of the United States to portray Terry Rose, a man eager to take advantage of opportunity in a dangerous business. 
 These are the people casting doubt over PT''s motives yet they then invite Richard Thompson to join them, a man famous for leap-frogging from club to club as the mood takes him. 
 At another, he refers to it being shetland pony sized (smaller but still much larger than a man ). 
 "I know your just a man ," the smirking monarch answered. 
 Cremony is able to share his concerns about their interesting work ethic (it is dishonorable for a man to work besides hunting and stealing) and their cruelty. 
 "Torakar Thor," a man was saying. 
 as if having sensual thoughts within herself  wishing for a man to come along and ''take'' her right there on-the-spot. 
 It is also illegal for a man to have a "feminine behavior." 
 Then also lived C. Claudius, who, besides his consequence as a nobleman of the first distinction, and a man of the most powerful influence, was likewise possessed of a moderate share of eloquence. 
 Personal testimony of a man who contracted AIDS through homosexual activity
 Which is a pity, since Dr. Wertham is undoubtably a man with sensitive social conscience, deeply concerned about the well-being of children. 
 If a man chooses to go after his victim  G-d might allow that man to succeed in his attempt to kill him
 and there are predicates such as "__is a man " or "__is a woman" that are true or false in the same way. 
 a man who suffers from "stomach gout": Polypody roots  licorice root
 Meanwhile, two trustworthy persons were selected, one being a man   to protect the bride from being stolen
 David was a man whose life was -CHARACTERIZED- by a heart that sought after God''s commands. 
 But in general the rigour of this doctrine is now reduced to reason; and it is holden that, unless a man be put in the pillory  or stigmatized  for crimen falsi  as for perjury  forgery  or the like
 Meanwhile, in room 3 a man sat down at a table, struck a number of matches, and extinguished them in a glass of water, one after the other. 
 Child bride, 13, bleeds to death A 13-year-old Yemeni girl died three days after marrying a man twice her age, due to internal bleeding following intercourse, a Yemeni human rights group and UNICEF said. 
 Only a man , who has been ALONE in the wilderness for three and a half years, will ever have what it takes to face an Ahab and a Jezebel. 
 For the rest, he was evidently, in practical matters, a man of sharp  clear insight  of steadfast resolution  diligence
 The shell of a man , who was now walking around in JD Dunne''s clothes, worried the six men. 
 "How does a man like me describe such evil? 
 A man holding an apple stands near the tree, a hand to his head and looking sick. 
 They forget that it is possible for a man to acquire the idea  to possess the beauty  which a great book contains
 The asking of the question "What does it mean to be a man ?" 
 "What a piece of work is a man   how noble in reason  how infinite in faculties; in form and moving how express and admirable; in action like an angel
 # who wrote the Histories  and made himself tyrant of his country  writes thus in his Apophthegms- "When a man once said to Dorion the flute-player  that the ray was a good fish  he said- ''Yes
 a man 
 Imru''ul-Qais – a man who dreamed of an Arab empire to rival Rome and Persia – and who died about 64 AH / 560 AD. 
 a man . 
 This is a man who works with explosives. 
 "When a man picks a gentle, childlike wife, he of course must see to training her and making up for her inadequacies. 
 Out spake the King Alfonso like a man of gentle race: "My thanks  so noble art thou
 As Bond tells a man who attempts to seduce him, "What makes you think this is my first time?" 
 The girl would be expecting him, he knew, but a man in his position had to have good excuses for such a journey. 
 He was now 44 years of age, in the front rank of his profession, a man of great experience in the wars  "both by land and sea " and in carrying out the duties of his new office in the Company
 and make Conjecture of the plumage and the form; So the sweet voice of Enid moved Geraint; And made him like a man abroad at morn When first the liquid note beloved of men Comes flying over many a windy wave To Britain
 A man of tremendous energy and looking younger than his fifty-seven years  he rested briefly at O.B.''s tent
 And behold, I shook and became a man as before, save that I had utterly lost an eye. 
 (40) The joke, says Schutz, is in the word never, as if it were possible that a man might die several times. 
 A man may be able to take on the form of different animals and an animal may be able to take on the form of a man . 
 And it is said, "rajulu aydin ( a man of hands)" when he is capable (qaadir)  as Allaah  the Most High
 18: 4/5/96: A Man For All Seasons by Robert Bolt 
 The next day, the police received a call from a man reporting having been struck in the face with canine faecal matter. 
 It is alleged, the incident led to the death of a man and the alleged abuse and assault of another man and woman who were with the deceased. 
 But on the day of launch, Alex''s sanity is shaken after he is viciously attacked at his home by a man who knows all of his security codes. 
 After a while he said to him: "O my son, here am I left a man in years and have no male children  but Allah hath blessed me with a daughter who eveneth thee in beauty
 " A man claiming to be Stanley King is on the phone at the front desk, asking to talk with the person leading the search for him." 
 This is the sounds of a man battling against a world he no longer wants to be a part of - ladies  this is uber-punk-funk giganticism from the USA
 For protection on her journey Joan dressed as a man and had some attendants. 
 The shape of a man , standing erect but still, could be discerned. 
 His attitude that there is a woman for every man and a man for every woman, regardless of the mismatches creates much of the comedy in "The Matchmaker". 
 a man subject to the senses to understand. 
 It reminds me of something my late father used to say (and that was apparently common in legal circles) – " A man (sic) convinced against his will is of the same opinion still." 
 A man sits as the sun fades over Kigali, Rwanda. 
 A man may petition a judge  but if any man in that petition shall come and tell the judge  "Sir
 This is well-written with a haunting character who speaks in rhyme and a man whose given a second chance in life. 
 One day her favorite aunt, Carol, calls Amanda and shares exciting news - she met a man and will be moving away to live near him, ready to start the next chapter of her life. 
 Now if a man would do this he requires strength of hand and a thorough understanding of horses. 
 This is a man 
 For example, Michelangelo''s David, was created to glorify King David, a man many people in the sixteenth century Catholic Church thought highly of. 
 A strong-willed young lady "Who cares if you''re a man or a woman. 
 They shouted out that a man 
 They were quite willing, and just then Manius Manilius came in, a man of good sense, who was agreeable to the whole company and beloved by them. 
 who though a man after God''s own heart  was no sooner settled in his kingdom  but he forgot the great things God had done for him
 Surrounding this suburban house is an extraordinary collection of sculptures created by its owner, a man known as Don Pillimpo. 
 And a man is not a wall ! It is a leaving breathing being! 
 Brave in my byrnie  | my brother defying; That would wide | in the world be known  And sorrow for many | a man would make. 
 2011 ~ July 3  2012 Episodes: 64 MBC''s special 50th-anniversary drama production "Light and Shadow" draws a man ''s up and down life with modern history as its background starting from the 1960s during the Vietnam War. 
 Of course, I don''t know how the graft was spread but the number one criminal was the head of the airport himself, a man who is still in office to this day and is paid more (and has more power) than any other city employee. 
 He saw himself as a man of vision, perhaps even of destiny, and he led the party into a new relationship with the Democrats. 
 While I''ll admit that I think all the arctic Kre-O Joes would look good on skis, Iceberg is a bit of a man without a country because there just aren''t many arctic things for him to interact with. 
 How it got the name I don''t know for sure but I believe the name was given after a man by the same name who was a California senator in the early days. 
 My papa, your grandpa Ishkhan didn''t say smart things, nor did he have time to do thinking: he was a man of action  the ground burned under his feet
 I have little problem in seeing a man in a skirt. 
 And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man , that is, of the angel. 
 A Man Forgot To Zip Up.so A Lady Tells Him:u Left Yr Garage Open. 
 Peters ended up with a scrape on her cheek, another woman had bruises on her shoulder and a man was hardly able to sit down the next day. 
 she naively accompanies the sorcerer Ivory to Roke disguised as a man , but is prevented from joining the School of Wizardry by Thorion, the Master Summoner. 
 We have the backstory to a touching photo of a man and his elderly dog in the waters of Lake Superior. 
 And when the time came for Airplane to do things, he said to them, "Look, I know a man that would be just what we need. 
 On that day, we celebrate our belief in what the apostles claimed – that a man   Jesus  who had died upon a cross
 Infrastructure improvements previously said to be undoable are now being done by his replacement, Pat Klein, a man with no previous aviation management experience but lots of experience in City Hall. 
 To be a witness to Mulderanto shooting a man in *self-defense.* The first shot might''ve been just that  but the second was nothing but an execution of an
 To attain such a complete perfection, the conduct a man follows is said to have fullness or totality. 
 A man is dead, so clearly something went badly wrong. 
 [3-4/1-7 Title credits](1-1) [2-7](1-2) At night in a (Bear Valley) cottage a man in a wheelchair (Mark Cushing) and a woman (Carla Adrean) are watching a movie of water skiing. 
 a man has a fear of elephants
 Following the death of the Pope a man is elected who the cardinals believe can stop the spread of corruption in the Vatican. 
 These verses serve as the backdrop as to why Jesus told a group of Pharisees, "When a man believes in me, he does not believe in me only, but in the one who sent me" (John 12:44). 
 "Used condoms," a man muttered under his breath to his wife
 When the first burst of maternal tenderness was over, I besought her to declare, by what means She had been united to a Man whose principles seemed so totally discordant with her own. 
 Sit her horse like a man . 
 * When a man steals your wife  there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. - David Bissonette * After marriage
 By contrast Creon is a man who lives by expediency, using force when persuasion fails, and who tamely submits when Theseus gains the upper hand. 
 the once-a-year binding money payment shot up to as much as eighteen guineas a man and fifteen guineas was average, while on the Tyne the usual payment came to be twelve guineas. 
 A man may have all the luxuries but his mind might be depressed. 
 One day a man accosted me in the street, with a very civil salutation, to this effect -- Signor Don Raphael, do you recollect my face? 
 to make a thing like a turnip into a baobab and a man who almost went to Shanghai into one who has really been there. 
 To put an end to the matter, we went upstairs, and asked the traffic superintendent, and he told us that he had just met a man , who said he had seen it at number three platform. 
 Some of Fairfax''s soldiers beat a man and boy and set fire to one of the group''s houses.5 In the same month two freeholders  William Starr and John Taylor
 Not far behind Skampe, next to the road to Renchen [currently Zbonshin, Poland] were found the cadavers of a man and a woman. 
 All was fee simple to him, in effect His purchasing might not be in suspect* *suspicion Nowhere so busy a man 
 There have been reports of a man seen wandering the station dressed in evening wear. 
 And as a man of genius and cunning  Strange commands teams of robbers who  quite unlike the city police force
 Illustration: A man may think it is his duty to act in a certain way  through having made a fancy picture of himself
 After many disappointments, Gizelle has found a man who can handle her big personality and is living on cloud nine with Sherman  but will balancing motherhood
 named Taurus  a man of no merciful or gentle disposition, who treated the Athenians that were made his prize in a proud and cruel manner. 
 and can hardly hope to raise the character of the pastor by denying to him the right to entertain the aspirations of a man . 
 that there must be surely something more invented by his enemies  and told Mr Allworthy against him  or so good a man would never have dismissed one he had loved so tenderly, in such a manner. 
 or slit the continuum of some member  or lopped it off like a twig; either of which generally was enough to have killed a man , though he were a hundred years old, and worth as many thousand spankers, spur-royals, and rose-nobles. 
 We answered that it seemed to us good harmless sober Adam''s liquor, fit to keep a man in the right way  and  in a word  mere element; more cool and clear than Argyrontes in Aetolia  Peneus in Thessaly
 Would you find a man who  by his exemplary life  eloquence  and pious admonitions  may in a short time  without effusion of human blood
 Diogenes being asked at what times a man ought to eat, answered, The rich when he is hungry, the poor when he has anything to eat. 
 A man looks at toxic seaweeds in the Vallais beach  covered with toxic green algae  near Saint-Brieuc
 the Spirit and its twin  Opportunity (scheduled to land on Jan. 24)  can do just about everything a man in a space suit can do at a fraction of the cost. 
 Hee demanded Charites in marriage, who although he were a man more comely then the residue that wooed her  and also had riches abundantly  yet because he was of evill fame
 one of the Fabii  Quintus Ambustus  being well mounted  and setting spurs to his horse  made full against a Gaul  a man of huge bulk and stature, whom he saw riding out at a distance from the rest. 
 A man carrying bombs blew his car and himself up in Stockholm. 
 was highly affected by a Noble Baron of those parts  tearmed by the name of Signior Ansaldo Gradense; a man of very great spirit  bountifull  active in Armes  and yet very affable and courteous
 there might easily be something in that; for though Evgenie was undoubtedly a man of wealth, yet certain of his affairs were equally undoubtedly in disorder. 
 A man would also feel embarrassed and would refrain from eating alone until someone else came along
 " A man came and said, ''O Messenger of Allah, I saw myself in a dream last night, as if I was praying behind a tree. 
 She is the centre of her son''s world until he longs for the father he has never known, a man with a terrible secret. 
 Either a man or a woman could be the solo singer-dancer, and the performer was often a shaman. 
 it is reported that ''Umar ibn al-Khattab – may Allah be pleased with him – once saw a man bending his head [in prayer], so he said: "O you with the head! 
 Sir Charles was a widower, and a man who may be said to have been in some ways of an eccentric habit of mind. 
 Whatever semblance of justice there was escaped Mahadeo Singh, a man known for his involvement in the riots. 
 I am a bisexual woman and currently with a man . 
 In that film''s unforgettable opening scene, she is inside a palanquin on her way to a marriage with a man she has never met. 
 personal experience and lies within fiction  speculating on the specific conditions in which a man can be a muse  being a male model and a musician  the myth of writing what you know  getting excited about emotion
 On the president''s state of health and his absence in the country, Adesina said, "It is only a man who is alive that can administer a country and nobody is immune to ill health. 
 My hearer, do you see this truth, that the moment a man knows Jesus to be the Christ of God he may at once put his trust in him and be saved? 
 A man and two male victims were having an argument in a parking lot when the man and one of his victims started a fight. 
 In China, I once met a man who had confessed to killing his own wife after being kept awake by police for 10 days and nights. 
 I am not sure why the owner was so principal in keeping my document, but there was a man whose passport she never asked. 
 In this interview Chávez comes across as a man who is not on control of his mediocre and corrupt followers. 
 I can women seeking men nsa very dirty - w4m 25yr (64850, Neosho, MO) I would love to find a man who enjoys spending as much time in the bedroom as possible. 
 President McKay once taught, "The dearest possession a man has is his family. 
 Now, have any of you that foolish credulity which would lead you to trust in a man for the everlasting salvation of your soul? 
 But other historians portray a man wise to the racial realpolitik of colonial advancement. 
 and the keystone of our religion  and a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book." 
 For your own reasons, you all head to that tavern, and find your way in to find a man of obvious high birth dressed in black sitting at a table
 When a man took an upskirt photograph of Gina Martin at a music festival last month, she went straight to the police. 
 Webber passes Barrichello and sets off after Button, the Red Bull driver clearly a man on a mission. 
 "You filthy Beast  dare you presume to come in here  and try to imitate a man of God by shaking your filthy tail; confess your sins and purge your soul from your lusts
 Here lies buried a man 
 they readily admit that they enjoy vaginal intercourse best when a man is coming. 
 In response to this week''s school shooting in Parkland, Florida, a man named Michael Ian Black  whom I''ve never heard of but who''s apparently an actor and comedian
 Even a man of average height will look much taller next to a short girl. 
 I''m not a scientist just a man 
 He''s just a man who ran for office to free himself and others only to have his plans diluted by those who are really in power
 her second husband (Lewis C. Bidamon)  and her son Joseph Smith III sold the mummies and the papyri to a man named Abel Combs. 
 Oh, I''d rather have a man preaching to me that don''t know his abc''s  that never was in a--a theological seminary
 In the Florentine Codex, a man is said to have gone to live with a prostitute, which was strictly prohibited while attending the cuicacalli school. 
 But a man with heart trouble''s got to have something done right away or he''s going to die. 
 Not so: but a man of the hill-country of Ephraim  Sheba  son of Bichri  by name  has taken up arms against the king
 A man comes to the market and says, "I have a pair of hands"; and he obtains the lowest wages. 
 with all his eccentricities  I doubt not  was  in many cases  actually inspired by the Holy Spirit; and whenever I find a man in whom there rests the Spirit of God, the spirit within me leaps to hear the spirit within him, and we feel that we are one. 
 I want a man to cherish & adore me , he is on Vicodin for pain for years and now he''s do righteous and holier than thou. 
 decrepit  so bankrupt in the literal sense of the word that it must rely on the state just as a man with no legs relies on crutches. 
 If an adult woman''s hemoglobin counts exceed 140 grams / liter of blood, and a man has 150 grams / liter of blood, then such indicators are considered pathological. 
 A man may possess a profound knowledge of history and of mathematics; he may be [an] authority in psychology  biology
 I do not permit a woman to teach or to assume authority over a man ; she must be silent." 
 a man for so long I didn''t get married for sex I love my hhsband he shows. 
 but from the material point of view there is a difference  and materially a man is much more able to work intelligently and logically than a woman. 
 Certainly this was an extremely powerful message to Abram, a man 
 The moment of a man who became the Democratic nominee as people turned to safe hands to confront the coronavirus and now  it seems
 That a man who spent his life in football – a mere game some might say – is a testament to the representative structure of Congress
 In the sermon, Amulek stated that the "great and last sacrifice" could not be the sacrifice of a man or an animal or any manner of fowl because it had to be "an infinite and eternal sacrifice" (Alma 34:10). 
 The only donkey present today was owned by a man who said he did not sell his burro because it was too important for his family. 
 And also, for doing good work, a man must not have theistic or atheistic view. 
 spray painted with a big shamrock– is where Clinton squared up with a giant of a man , surrounded by a screaming audience waiting for the action. 
 Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law" (Romans 3:23–24, 27–28).[ 
 The primordial light, the light of the Father will become manifest to a man of light (Gos. 
 Police say a man entered Gormanville Grocery in the 500 Block of Gormanville Road. 
 walking sticks were "primarily decorative  and every well-dressed Egyptian man carried a cane – just like a man in the 1940s with a pocket square" (Source: Los Angeles Times: King Tut''s mundane death). 
 The court ruled that " a man has the right to discipline his wife and children provided he does not leave physical marks
 which was nothing but a long-winded car chase about nothing important but a man and his drug-hazed will. 
 I have a man work for me who is the best electrician I have ever seen. neat, quick, hard working and professional. 
 It was a journey of self-discovery, it was a journey about finding a man I had lost along the way or never fully knew. 
 Rachael Vanorden was working at Golden Corral on Christmas Eve when a man and his wife came in to eat, according to WYMT. 
 Unlocking the Cage gives us a look into the mind of a man who knows how to extend these principles for all living creatures. 
 Jesus said to Nicodemus: "Except a man be reproduced, he cannot realize the reign of God. 
 Corianton is a prime example of a man ensnared by Woman Folly as described in detail by the father in Proverbs. 
 much different than Wednesday night when members of Palestine Police exchanged gunfire with a man barricaded inside. 
 I used to believe that there were more of us than there were of the odious "them", who have no qualms supporting a man and administration who are seeming hell bent on undermining the foundations of democracy itself. 
 To make a man look extra masculine and handsome, the following accessories can be paired with the dinner jacket- 
 In 1854, Eliza twice hired a man to work for them.[ 
 I take solace in the fact the weak excuse of a man will answer one day. 
 A man goes up to the bar to order a pint. 
 He told the Montreal Gazette that he adopted the stage name in honour of his grandfather, a man he never met. 
 A man , 18, was shot in the legs while a 23-year-old woman was struck in the arm and torso. 
 Somehow she met a man that helped out out and got her going to church... and that eventually led Michelle to network marketing. 
 Luna is skilled but no match for a man who knows what he wants. 
 And when she is menstruating, she prefers a man doused in petrol, set on fire, with scissors stuck in his eye and a cricket stump up his arse. 
 a man had indecently exposed himself at a fast food restaurant in South London. 
 The Chronicles reproduced this passage and adds: "I have not chosen a man for him to be ruler over my people Israel
 Daddah is a man ; he likes to be called a he. 
 but not God; others claimed that he was God  but not a man ; others insisted that he was a man who had been temporarily inhabited by God. 
 he added  including a man 
 A huge monster python was killed and eaten in a small Indonesian village after it attacked and tried to eat a man . 
 In many cases, a man and a woman may actually be more similar to one another than two people of the same gender. 
 God''s words of rejection are some of his most forceful: "He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man ; he that sacrificeth a lamb  as if he cut off a dog''s neck; he that offereth an oblation
 Kennedy bent over now, takes it like a man , pushing back to receive more. 
 when the sleeping couple was woken up by a man crashing through a large window into the bedroom. 
 It showed that people are spending less on cars and related car parts... and then it showed a man talking and it said his name was "Sam Taleb" but it said Tempe Tyres 
 BY WILLIAM C. HENRY How did a man 
 Irish engineer Ivor Cummins, aka the Fat Emperor, is a man on a mission. 
 I wish this generation had a saying like "they can send a man to the moon, but they can''t _______." 
 For these reasons he is a man to be honoured and acclaimed as a defendant of democratic right and privilege. 
 Yes, it''s the definition of chutzpah: A man who lied about his Nazi background  who was a member of the Waffen SS and fought for Germany in WWII
 There was a particular occasion when I met a man and invited home to stay overnight with me. 
 "And I wondered, because it seemed funny , what would you think a man was doing if you saw him in the middle of the night looking in the windows of cars in the parking lot of the Ramada Inn? 
 a man 
 PITTSBURGH – A man 
 according to Edgard Varese  a man with legendary eyebrows. 
 2 God and man indeed, comfort in all need, you became a Man of sorrows, to gain life eternal for us by your precious blood, Jesus, man and God. 
 a man she... 
 A man spends the first year of his life learning that he ends at his own skin
 Wagner and two other people were charged with the 1993 killing of a man they thought had sexually assaulted a relative, CNN affiliate CTV reported. 
 He casts himself as a man who could not understand why his superiors kept embroiling him in death
 When a man sets out upon any course of inquiry
 STRAPLINE: West Home movies: Bon Fire Night Tara: Guy Fawkes was a man , wasn''t he? 
 If the King destroys a man   that''s proof to the King that it must have been a bad man
 As a man of squishy sciences (biology, mycology, medicine- all squishy things) I''m less informed with things electrical. 
 Beverley Knight spoke with The Sunday Mirror about how she''s "happy solo" even as her friends constantly try to find her a man . 
 If she wants to win battles, she must marry a man and have her husband fight her wars." 
 Secretary-General Kofi Annan today launched a lecture series in honour of Dag Hammarskjöld – a man 
 Any woman can find a man , but the vibrations between her and a special man are really important. 
 That question, as to the dishonesty of mankind generally, is one that disturbs us greatly; – whether a man in all grades of life will by degrees train his honesty to suit his own book
 Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. 
 many a man who might have been a useful and happy member of society
 To yell â€œblack-on-black crimeâ€ is to shoot a man and then shame him for bleeding. 
 It was a fitting move for work from a man who studied Esperanto  converted to Nichren Buddhism
 I''m saddened that Joseph Engelberger -- the robot pioneer who helped invent the first American industrial robot, and a man that had a significant impact on my interest in robotics -- passed away ea... 
 And you may be quite certain if you hear a man speak against religion, that he never knew what religion was. 
 Song Yu was a man of Chu and a disciple of Qu Yuan. 
 1) He saith, "that the light of Christ is the first principle, that shows a man his condition and leads to Christ the Savior; and without it the gospel is hid," &c. 
 that they also may be believed without the true faith; and that such a belief of these doth not determine a man to be a believer in the sight of God  but only the union with the nature of that life from whence all these sprang
 The reader will observe [P. 59] that these two terms are of themselves, when applied to man, not definate; that is, a man may be sanctified in part, and justified in part. 
 but I have read them diligently: but now I have met a man that I judge has more experience of the way than thou hast  and I am resolved to go with him
 The most conspicuous defenders of Crewdson''s views were Luke Howard, a man of some scientific distinction and editor the The Yorkshireman  and Elisha Bates
 In this way, a woman kills a man to bring him to the Earth. 
 Q. Then by this a man may be saved, though he should not know the literal name Jesus, or the literal name Christ, &c. 
 "I recently made a guest appearance in a US sitcom called Two Guys, A Girl And A Pizza Place, as a man who loves painting himself in the nude," he laughs. 
 and why we should not swear at all  is  because it has no temptation in nature  nor does the commission of it  unless a man be a devil incarnate, afford the offender the least pleasure or satisfaction. 
 He was a thin, nervous wisp of a man with frightened eyes and a twitching
 The love of a man for the wilderness, and for a beautiful woman who comes to share it with him. 
 Unless a man is able to use money without abusing it  accepting it as a talent lent to him  and not as a treasure given to him
 They say that a man shall make his confession only to God, and not to a man ; for only to him should man yield him guilty of all that he hath misdone. 
 and gives us new relationships and new privileges. 1946.75 We know not what we are born to in our second birth; for  as a man is born to trouble by his first birth, when he is born a second time, he is born to a double share of trouble. 
 The last case of opiums has been increased, while a man has recently been fixed to the antecedent experience cases. 
 its new styles and genres  with the imaginative force of a man half his age. 
 A man finds a watch and it is so wonderful that he concludes that it must have had a maker. 
 One of the postcards carries an image from the movie which shows a man having his way with a woman in a storage closet. 
 There had been a man standing over her as she squatted to urinate with her back up against a chain-link fence. 
 Erectile dysfunction can have serious effects on the psyche of a man , with many men who suffer from the condition admitting to feelings of inadequacy. 
 A man has been in America  has seen many sights  and returns home; occasionally he sees those sights over again
 It is not by reasoning and considering things in the mind (after the manner of men) that a man comes to know spiritual things; but they are spiritually revealed by God  after a spiritual manner  to the believer
 Again, it is no great surprise that a man from Salford / Prestwich should read, and read to a high level. 
 I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. 
 He was straight-forward in all transactions and was a man of unquestioned integrity. 
 Although a man of the home and in a sense shrinking from public lifem he was frequently sought for and elected to public office
 A man can very soon become a Jew without being an Israelite; often it needs only to have frequent intercourse with Jews
 Jollen only being 10, had to learn to be a man at a young age, so he could one day have a stable life. 
 [34]A recent movie, Rob Roy, has said that "honor is the gift that a man gives himself." 
 There is a man fucking my pussy or my ass, and people are watching, and this is unusual and exciting. 
 The idea is that a man must not be hurried in his work--he must have every second necessary but not a single unnecessary second. 
 In today''s blog, we got a classic "if my aunt were a man , she''d be my uncle" argument. 
 for example  befits a man who was once an unsuccessful hat salesman to become a more than usually competent President of the United States. 
 a girl with bunny ears and a hard-shell turtle backpack  a man in Robin Hood tights and hat, a woman as a Dunkin Donuts coffee cup. 
 and he was a man in whom they had the greatest confidence and for whom they held the greatest regard. 
 Both men looked up as they heard a man yelling in another part of the ship. 
 since the coming of the messiah was to be heralded by a man carrying a black banner... 
 The prime minister is a man whom every Indian is proud of. 
 a man to go and do azan. remember you use gloves to wash dishes but use hand to wash your rear end. so use glove for rear end too. 
 You are just a man . 
 " A man has two daughters, if one either apostatizes or kills him, she is not entitled to her father''s inheritance. 
 A man who shocked our hearts into beating once more. 
 However, he noted not all contributed a sufficient amount, "There are the names of some slackers there – for a man who evades the loans is just as much a slacker as the man who evades the draft...patriotism is not how you feel
 A man who had more than 2
 Somewhere across the planet, there is a man . 
 However, she can''t imagine a man being asked that. 
 The words attributed to Edward I – the "longshanks" – come to mind: " A man does good business when he rids himself of a turd. 
 For example, a woman might tell the same ghost story differently from a man and the differences in the telling might provide a clue as to what the story is ultimately "about." 
 Through meticulous research, done in collaboration with his wife Ina, Caro documented the career of a man he credibly asserts was the most accomplished city builder in human history. 
 Secondly, in most other contemporary climes, a man of 72 years  is approaching his retirement from public life; and settling into the role of a statesman
 "Tex Perkins is a man of many bands. 
 a man in his 70s had both died. 
 This practice involves women being ''married off'' to a man for a couple of days and was previously banned. 
 A mark of a man or woman''s maturity and character to give because Christ said to 
 "Tonight''s (White House Correspondents'' Dinner) was a disgrace," summarized Sean Spicer, a man who knows of what he speaks
 In another case, a man arranged travel insurance to visit New Zealand to see his family. 
 There have been other phantoms reported including a small boy in a hood, a man in Stuart attire  "Child Isabella"  a tall man in a dark suit  a guardsman  an old gardener who scythes the grass
 Having not featured in Algeria''s opening wins over Kenya (2-0) and Senegal (1-0) it was fair to say Slimani was a man on a mission. 
 A man got out of the car, armed with a long-barrelled firearm and fired multiple shots at the officers – striking them both. 
 Should you absolutely want to increase like a man or woman then getting into shape is area of the procedure  so type a workout regime and diet
 "He was a man who was well–liked and well–known to most Americans. 
 When he confronts the "beast that kills with a touch", he finds that the creature is actually a man in an old radiation suit. 
 For any of those roles, a man like Freeman might not be the prudent choice. 
 In the incident Thursday, Palestinians in the village of Dahariya said soldiers shot and seriously wounded a man . 
 He doesn''t even have to keep his promise to come marry me -- I know that a man can sometimes be prevented from keeping his word, however honestly given. 
 Help me soon to a man . 
 That first Black Arts Week also featured Leroi Jones (Amiri Baraka) and the film Nothing But a Man , starring Ivan Dixon and Abbey Lincoln. 
 Thus, in the Duke of York Islands, men say that women possess a kind of magic that brings a man to lose his grasp on the mask (Errington 1974), forcing him to drop it while walking through the village. 
 15th - I read Gail Evans'' Play Like a Man , Win Like a Woman, which was educational. 
 a man  im n W4W im not gonna have a 3sum
 ( A man in a dark red uniform with hi vis stripes  wearing a yellow helmet  is being lowered into the crater
 There was a man ... and a girl, from ages ago. 
 A man was attempting to eat When he spotted a mouse near his seat. 
 Mr. Sanders was a famous Tennessee legistalor and a man of great ability and importance.... 
 Aaliyah refuses to let a man from her past come back and mistreat her love ever again. 
 "The Eternal Being, who knows everything and who created the whole universe, became not only a man but (before that) a baby, and before that a fetus inside a Woman''s body. 
 The stops were marked with chalk outlines of a man laying on the ground with words indicating the theme of that particular prayer stop written within the outline. 
 If you are a man , women, Junior or Senior, we have an event for you. 
 A union solemnised in a foreign country between: (a) a man and another man; or (b) a woman and another woman; must not be recognised as a marriage in Australia. 
 A man sits in front of the fire. 
 I remember seeing a man deliver drugs in a brief case at a friend''s party. 
 people fly fishing for trout in a lake from boats  people fly fishing for salmon in a river  men throwing back some fish  a man displaying his catch by the dock and a shots of the sun setting. 
 When we were eating some more people came in, a man and a woman dressed in silk and velvet. 
 For example, the sloth murder, of a man tied to a bed and tortured for a year before succumbing to a fatal coma
 As those, that say, If a man improve his reason or natural faculties, God will superadd grace. 
 Desdunes wrote that he was " a man on whom the people could count in every kind of venture." 
 Other developments • A man drove a white pickup into troops waiting outside the post exchange at Camp Udairi in Kuwait on Sunday
 A man standing on plane floats. 
 Many times, I feel closer to a man writer/poet than a woman. 
 In Michigan, a police officer stops a man who apparently was doing nothing wrong. 
 Just as a man has blood and nerves under the flesh, so do many Astral forms have complex, dancing flows of energy within. 
 The poem is about a man searching for a woman at a busy festival, about the search for clarity amid chaos. 
 How could a man who revelled so unashamedly in earthy, unending sexual adventures write so tenderly about women and love? 
 Are YOU not aware that nothing from outside that passes into a man can defile him, 19 since it passes, not into [his] heart, but into [his] intestines, and it passes out into the sewer?" 
 But by our measure, he is a man who makes things happen
 When the cart came it wasn''t only me and Dayati and Jerna travelling to Veray, but another veteran too, a man who had gone to war because the woman he loved had become a priestess of Naha instead of marrying him. 
 His own blood is upon him. 10 "''Now a man who commits adultery with another man''s wife is one who commits adultery with the wife of his fellowman. 
 And not only do these rules take no place with respect to a man that explicitly denies Christianity  and is a professed Deist  Jew  Heathen
 bored  occupies her time doting on her son–until she witnesses a murder and becomes obsessed with the incident and a man she saw at the scene. 
 there''s no way people will want to give the film industry''s highest honour to a film directed by a man who has recently has multiple sexual assault allegations. 
 In musicals, dialogue is often replaced by song and this is true in the case of Baby, a man of few words. 
 The album starts with hollow, blur conversation between a man and a woman walking through the forest and entering the cave
 He never taught me to be a man . 
 They had them in a pen there – picked up in Liverpool and elsewhere by a man named Jackson under contract with the British Government to provide women for the soldiers in America. 
 makes a man of God as God makes man. 
 Hubbard is described as a man of "unlimited peripheral vision " a compelling idea woven into the design in several ways
 was passing the crowd on his way home when a man recognized him – and started screaming "Muser, muser!" 
 the United States Air Force C-17 Globemaster made the 4000km  10-hour return flight from Christchurch to airlift a man who had fallen ill while wintering over at McMurdo Station. 
 It will mark the first February celebration of Black History with President Donald Trump in office, a man who by his own admission used race and class divisions as cornerstones to his rise in political power. 
 Here are some of the inmates facing execution in the coming weeks – including a man who beat a toddler to death in an "exorcism." 
 Let him come in and Eva went out to bring a man with herself. 
 A man at the helm is clearly a potential conflict of interest – and a very serious one at that. 
 Two boys were making a YouTube video in Colchester Reserve, by Kirk Rd, about 8.30am when a man driving a white van tooted his horn and rapidly approached the pair, yelling at them to get in his van. 
 "And behold, there was a man before him who had dropsy." 
 He wanted to ask Hill: "As a father, how would you feel if a man put hands on your daughter the way these woman claim that you put hands on them?" 
 a man who was staying at their trailer. 
 But like Dirty Harry said, " A man has to know his own limitations." 
 a man who only four months earlier had been celebrating the birth of his son. 
 It began about 5 a.m. Thursday when Panera employees called police about a man causing a disturbance in the parking lot in the 800 block of Atlantic Boulevard. 
 In 2005 he hung a picture of a man pushing a shopping trolley in the National Gallery in London which went undetected for days. and in 2006
 George and Ringo  too of course) shared stories and help us realize just what kind of a man he was and how totally unique a man he was. 
 So instantly, I took off to Oslo on a train and met a man who I did not know...but quickly realized he was a brother from... 
 The trial against a man accused of fatally shooting a man he says he mistook for a deer has been delayed until December. 
 Once approved, having met some iffy conditions a man can legally become a polygamist to his heart''s content. 
 Big Fish meets The Notebook in this emotionally evocative story about a man   a woman  and an alligator that is a moving tribute to love
 because of course  that is the ultimate form of disrespect towards a woman and an act of power by a man . 
 A man and woman who are total strangers promise to overcome that strangeness and merge into each other physically
 James Mason plays Henrick Van Der Zee (The Flying Dutchman), a man doomed to roam the seven seas for eternity
 a man 
 The article told the story about a family dining in a restaurant and openly enjoying themselves when they were asked by a man if they were not ashamed that they were laughing. 
 A man paused to observe a lad sitting upon a knoll with both hands extended upward holding a line. 
 One is a man in a bowler hat, and the others are two women. 
 One single track with 8 interviews: 1- Matthews meets a man who manufactures brooms, to sweep up leaves and grass. 
 Kenseth started the season like a man afire. 
 Not bad for a French transport firm fronted by a man with a few spare tyres round his waist. 
 as long as it has room to increase and multiply  in fact propagating its species much faster even than a man ? 
 This is a man 
 There is a man , a very Christian man. 
 I should write as a man ; not as a stripling; with the same heart  and the same desires
 I would never lean on a bin and stay there for ten minutes as a woman, but as a man it''s kind of relaxing." 
 We were also told a story from a man in Dubai who works in a management position. 
 NORTH ARLINGTON, NJ - A man stabbed his wife to death on Wednesday, police said, and the man succumbed to stab wounds, as well. 
 We need a man in Congress who will seek out and promote the best interests of all constituents. 
 Ertuğrul Özkök has written an article with the headline "These Armenians do not grow to be a man ".[ 
 YANGON (AFP)- A MYANMAR court has handed down a 13-year jail term to a man accused of working with exiled media  his legal counsel said on Friday
 Official propaganda painted Oswald as a man who, carried away by Marxism, decided to settle in the Soviet Union and then became disillusioned. 
 On Oct 1, 2006, her daughter followed Zhou Junhui, 23, to dinner - a man whom she had just befriended at an ice-skating arena. 
 And at the ticket-booth, stood a man wearing a chequered suit and a pirate hat
 About 6:30 a.m., a coyote bit a man as he was stretching at the Campolindo High School track, police said. 
 A man fatally stabbed himself late Monday afternoon in San Jose after stabbing his mother
 The main protagonist is Edric Montagu, a man of noble stock  who  like Victor Frankenstein before him
 A man 
 Akil grew more anticipatory with each passing moment: a man sitting on a high throne having his shoes polished  a woman darting past  her shouldered bag striking Akil in the arm
 A man who is obviously madly in love with his girlfriend has proposed to her in a really unusual way. 
 Kevin whirled around in time to see a man with spiky white hair and tinted glasses bolt for the door. 
 "Yes," replied William, "you look a good deal like a man with your short hair." 
 Police responded to reports of a man firing a gun in a neighborhood off of Minnesota Highway 65, west of the National Sports Center. 
 But he looked a man reborn following Thomas Tuchel''s arrival, playing a big part in the club''s Champions League triumph. 
 I was fortunate to have a man who had been sent to the US from England for flight training on the Lend/Lease program. 
 How can a man with no democratic credentials lead a mission of democracy? 
 a man with honour and wealthy)
 The model accompanied her story with a fun story about how a man with protruding chest hair kept staring at her arms. 
 Set in the hinterland of Dalmatia, is the poorest region in Croatia, What''s a man without a Moustache is funny and engaging. 
 She hears a voice, and turns to see a man , unmistakeably the young man among the captives, but now an old man. 
 For a man born to English parents in Belfast at the outbreak of the Second World War  then raised in Northern Ireland and
 A man 
 So, if a man is trying to get a valuable woman  do you think he''s going to go with a physicist  singer  artist  writer  fat chick
 The kidnapping of Empain, orchestrated by a man called Georges Bertoncini
 To each was appointed a Man Her Prince and Ruler to be. 
 There once was a man from Verdun Whose penis resembled a gun. 
 The rest of the population were laying down their employments and getting ready to come, when a man burst through the assemblage and seized the new-comers by the hands in a frenzy of welcome
 A man who was known for his flash Used to drive with a certain panache. 
 a man like Lord Dunsany to give up his whole time to his art
 and warriors who are shedding blood to protect Donbass will be the winners just like their grandfathers " a man with the Russian flag in his hands notes. 
 A man who was partial to gin Saw a lake that he chose to jump in. 
 They all were, it developed, and on the way Betty stopped at the railroad freight office and arranged to have a man sent to the boathouse to crate the Gem. 
 The abbe was a man of the world  and had  moreover  mixed in the first society of the day; he wore an air of melancholy dignity which Dantes
 Then they threw the 22-year-old into a cell with a man known to be violent, who proceeded to beat him so badly that he had to be airlifted to a hospital. 
 A man who is 60 can expect to live on average to 87. 
 and that as a result a man was arrested and faces numerous drug trafficking charges. 
 The last page featured a column that read with that same jaded, cynical view of a man who could only be a P.I. in the breadbasket of wine in Sonoma...yep, it was Jake Lorenzo! 
 this is a nude canvas  she has two serpents on each arm  roses on her left shoulder  a man in the moon and star on her neck and a slurry of butterflies on her right shoulder
 I am a man ; I felt for the melancholy reverse of human affairs in the fall of the first power in the world. 
 a man 
 and Pamela Browne  our senior executive producer  I read the transcripts of an interview Browne did with a man named Marc Turi
 This is the work of a man wholly dedicated to the pedagogy  as much Amherstian as Socratic
 He once said, "An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows." 
 The sheer number of these knockout damsels can make it extremely difficult for a man to focus on not getting hit by a car! 
 The pages grab your attention as you follow a trail of kidnapping, a man hunt, fear, and more murder followed by truth, understanding and love.... 
 In 2003, a man robbed a bank with a bomb around his neck. 
 but overall this a man who took pride in his work and who detests that the tour guides, most of them ex-prisoners, are now spouting these lies. 
 Opposition politician Ayman Nour – a man who paid the price for challenging Mubarak''s supremacy – said it was the greatest day in Egypt''s modern history. 
 From her own perspective – it''s all we ever get – her portrayal of Christopher is of a man who craves attention, more interested in his ''research'' than his wife. 
 He later put this to the test, inadvertently, by introducing me to a man whose hand, I noticed after shaking it, smelled of poo. 
 He influenced her to make me realize I am useless as a man and can never satisfy her the way she needs. 
 Pharrell is a man who wears many hats, that of singer, songwriter, dancer, producer and hit making machine! 
 When the shadow of a man appeared on the water" surface, the creature raged against the shadow it had seen. 
 Thorer was a man of low birth  but had swung himself up in the world as an active man; and he was polite in speech  showy in clothes
 There dwelt a man , by name Thord Guthormson, on a farm called Steig; and he was the most powerful man in the north end of the valley. 
 you know well the common saw: It is madness in a man to strive with one who is stronger than himself; and to strive with a man of even strength is dangerous; but to strive with a weaker man is foolish. 
 This would indicate that William and Ellen Varleys daughter married a man whose surname was also Varley. 
 It''s a minimalist plotline of a man trying to get back his car, but mines some interesting thematic ideas underneath the thin surface. 
 a man with two innocent young daughters. 
 A life so well lived A man so well loved He made us all reach higher, smile wider, love deeper. -Lori Ruhlman 
 Kise is the next great Japanese hope, with a long career ahead of him, so what''s it to him if he allows his senpai, a man he probably has always admired (the Wolf''s protégé!) to bomb away? 
 Now I was allowed to listen to a man   who had built up something in the midst of the post-war destruction
 The Gyro Captain was amazed by Max''s quickness: "Never seen a man beat the snake before. 
 A man was desired to rise from bed because the sun was already up. 
 and for a man there is a hidden feminine. 
 We have been privileged indeed to have a man of this caliber and stature among us. 
 Jesus heals a man possessed by demons; some think he is the son of David (ie the Messiah), others that he works through Beelzebub. 
 A man is defiled by what comes out of him, not by what goes into him. 
 In 1907 a man named Henry Farman, son of an English newspaperman based in Paris, became interested in aviation. 
 A man is only a man , but a good bicycle is a ride. 
 PURPORT: When a man earns money by unfair means and maintains his family and himself with that money
 If the registration number says a man is a welder and it turns out he is a carpenter  you''ve lost at least a day''s work
 He was not a man who talked a lot, but when he talked, he had something to say and people listened. 
 I realize that a man has to go through all sorts of machinations while all a reasonably attractive woman has to do is say "yes"
 These proud Roman citizens laughed at this fantastic tale of a man named Jesus who lived in an obscure Roman province
 On the other side of the coin, he doesn''t seem like a man that couldn''t get laid without some tweaks here and there  so when he draws the attention of the ladies
 That so brilliant a man should have such a sad end seems unfair. 
 To me, Nixon was a man of ability who never lived up to his promise. 
 On the fifth day no more strange princes wanted to fight; and all the sons of kings in Erin said they would not fight with a man of their own land  that the strangers had had their chance  and as no others came to claim the woman
 The closest thing she does have to a man in her life is her son Andy (Rogen  Take This Waltz)
 A Life for the Revolution, Documentary by Chris Den Hond, 90 minutes, 2005; A Man Called Ernest Mandel  Documentary by Frans Buyens  40 minutes  1972  available of two-disc DVD
 the scene of Sgt. Archibald Cutter (Cary Grant) dangling a man out a window as he was commanded: "Take your hands off that man" 
 a man there to fight with us as our ally. 
 Chris Marker, Fr This classic ''photo-roman'' about the power of memory - ''the story of a man marked by an image of his childhood'' - begins at Orly airport a few years before WWIII. 
 What more could a man want for a perfect day? 
 with your own professional game-guide  a man of the swamps, completely at one with his environment. 
 These bodies are waiting to be put on as a man would put on a new suit of clothes. 
 Nature never made such a man as depicted by Macaulay. 
 And we''ll just end this short piece of Internet product copy with this: is there a better image than a man walking off into the sunset with live Komodo shoes, both hands raised triumphantly in the air? 
 And when a man falls ill, then those who sit round him, say, ''Do you know me? 
 Frank is a man of wisdom. 
 A man who loves carries with him an inner peace, stability, lightness and joy of living and that is how he can be identified. 
 Deuteronomy 16:11  Deuteronomy 24:17  Ps 10:14-18  Psalm 82:3  Psalm 146:9) regarding taking care of those without a man in the family, and encourages us to be persistent in calling out to God for what is just Luke 18:1-8! 
 A single, "Feel Like A Man ", was soon released and the band hit the clubs with a combination of their original material and Stones cover tunes. 
 For 49 years, Rama Berkowitz has been a man on a mission for We the People--a journalist, human rights activist, and truth seeker. 
 At the best, a soldier''s life is one calculated to test a man ''s moral as well as physical qualities; hence  if a person is to embark in the service
 Landscape - ? pastel, 11.7x15.9 in A View of Lake Geneva with a man rowing a small boat and two swans  unsigned or dated. ca.1807-1808 Sold at auction by Oger-Semont  Monday  March 19
 Throughout the show,Buddug maintained the illusion of a woman playing a man , who in turn plays the part of a woman and then back to a woman playing a man as though falling through the looking glass! 
 my grief was deep  as may well be imagined; but unhappy as I was at the thought of giving my daughter  my only child  to a man without talents, without fortune, without a name, I made inquiries about this M. Nigris. 
 - Susan Yung, THE DANCE INSIDER A Man and a Woman Sit Near Each Other (2001) Music: Gurdjieff Costume: A Christina Gianinni Duet
 - Mizzette Fuenzalida, THE CHAUTAUQUAN DAILY When a Man Steps Out at Dawn (2001) Music: Gurdjieff Costume: A. Christina Gianinni Solo
 Nicola Sacco was a man of Italian origin who worked in a shoe factory in Stoughton, Massachusetts. 
 The young man makes a startling discovery in finding the mummified remains of a man , and determines that the long-dead gods he had sought had been mere mortals, such as the dead man in the chair. 
 Alleged collaborator ''executed'' in Gaza City - Witnesses in Rafah reported seeing gunmen kill a man in the middle of the street in what appeared to be the execution of someone suspected of collaborating with Israel. 
 Here we have a man with a black cloud of corruption hovering over him who, even after being indicted, has 55 MKs in his pocket. 
 Abu Dawud (4448) - "If a man who is not married is seized committing sodomy, he will be stoned to death." 
 Go on bein'' a man ... 
 and will be offered that which they desired in the first place  but they will refuse to accept it till they pass it to a man from my family who appears to fill the Earth with justice as it has been filled with corruption. 
 Then, less than one hour after our conversation, I received a phone call from a man representing Resorts International. 
 Obviously, J R Firth was not a man for trivialities like politeness. 
 A man came down the street and satan said to one imp, "Go get him for me!" 
 As bwg I had to portray myself as a man so the board would take me more seriously. 
 Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends." 
 Galatians 6:1-4 "Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault  ye which are spiritual  restore such an one in the spirit of meekness; considering thyself
 except in the fact that he is only an imaginary person  or loving a man or a woman with limitations, with mistakes, with problems... 
 She half-joked that Freddy might be calling her - "He''s a man or a boy with a deep Freddy, you know, voice." 
 Through this rediscover, I now am in a healthy, loving relationship with a man who also knows the importance of nature in responsibly maintaining health, food and the environment. 
 How could a good man, a nascent Objectivist, a man like Carl Barney, not be repelled by a movement gone to mysticism and collectivism ? 
 Stockbroker''s creed: A man is a client until proven broke. 
 So a woman should circumcise a girl or a woman, and a man should circumcise a boy or a man. 
 "To be a man ," he argued, "is to be thinking desire." 
 "''Cause," answered Bob, "I heard Mr. Blipper and his partner, a man named Hardy, quarreling today. 
 Perhaps the Christian imagery of Satan as a man and a serpent, to some degree, recalls the Greek myths ? 
 As a man , he was intelligent, sensitive, and alert, and his knowledge of how government worked was unmatched." 
 I had left Dr. Otto Strasser back in Germany; I was a man without a country, a fugitive from my native land because I fought to save it from the terrible menace of Nazism. 
 Grunow''s personal hate seemed to make him a man of steel, without nerves. 
 I clearly remember my father yelling across the street to a man I had never seen before who was certainly not my uncle Paco "hermanoooooo", and me saying "Dad, that is not uncle Paco." 
 Goblin deals with the later exploits of a man 
 each of them  as the English are wont to be  a capable man of affairs  interested therefore in what a man does as well as in what he knows, but one of them by nature primarily a poet, the second a student, the third a scientist. 
 After all, Humanity put a Man on the Moon, didn''t they? 
 The head of the village puts a burning brand on the grave of a man who has died of burns, and quenches the brand with water, while he prays that rain may fall. 
 At the end of two years a man takes the hat from her head and throws it away. 
 The tradition that the founder of the sacred grove at Aricia was a man named Manius  from whom many Manii were descended
 How can she love a man on whom she is spying? 
 There is little better in this whole wide World than for a man to have just such a woman thinkin'' that he''s alright. 8. 
 a man is not satisfied with the quality of the translation service
 Can a man really be made of light? 
 a man he was. 
 When a man was a child he spoke as a child, understood as a child, thought as a child; but when he became a man he put away childish things. 
 A man and a woman in their separation remain incomplete and lost. 
 and she is probably going to be guilty of some crime  after a man hunt and all. 
 He was a man of complete integrity, huge compassion and intelligence and without a shadow of pretentiousness. 
 He is deposited on a roof and finds a man ready to kill himself; yet he has no compassion, only the single-minded drive to find and kill those who imprisoned him. 
 R-100 is "a taut but fragmentary mini-action film" about a man 
 1939  a man is arrested on the Swiss border for possession of suspicious objects. 
 It is not sufficient to be a man . 
 a man she never had the chance to meet. 
 While in bitter anguish, lamenting the sad condition of myself and others, Charles Hopkins, a man that I had great confidence in  came to me from the Council
 For a man who is not notably aggressive or self-assertive  on a personal plane
 It looked like a sort of a mating between a man and a beast, teeth like a lion, head like a bear! 
 There is pathos here, but of the most rarefied variety: that of a man who realizes that the irrational  the instinctive
 oh and FOD   or you''d need a memory freshener ? Huh  so   when you bare romantic inclinations that makes you a man ? 
 the military spokesperson attempted to assure the journalists: "From the Islamic Emirate we say that it is a man or a woman, it does not matter. 
 best known for The Practice and American Horror Story  show a man who looks like he was born to black leather and bespoke suits. 
 I am a republican like you and a man of faith. 
 this taut narrative effectively demonstrates how an accusation can trap a man in the mystery of his own mind. 
 He was a man that lived within his means. 
 Jegr (Jaromír Dulava)  and carries out occasional paid "operations" for "Mr." Franz (Ladislav Mrkvicka)  a man who claims he was a Luftwaffe pilot. 
 This is the story of a man who rubs noses with venality and comes out a winner. 
 Polygamy can be of two types; one is polygyny wherein a man marries more than one woman, and the other is polyandry, wherein a woman marries more than one man. 
 The lines have straight lines, like curves to get better and better. replace rolex yacht master sapphire crystal He is a man who dreams of freedom. 
 A man studying The Book of Job living in France wishes only to be left alone
 Prop 8 is a California voter-approved constitutional amendment that defines marriage as being between a man and a woman. 
 "You come to Isaiah and you see a man who willingly  gladly  joyfully  and at some points painstakingly endured isolation  imprisonment  pain
 He was taken in by a man who made the cabinet work for pianos. 
 Whatever her class a woman was expected to marry a man of her parents'' choice and live her life as the dutiful wife of an authoritarian, if sometimes benevolent, husband. 
 It now passeth for raillery to run a man down in discourse  to put him out of countenance  and make him ridiculous
 PAUL SOLMAN: Do you guys like having a man for your teacher? 
 the big contributors  as an honorable man; not only a man of his word  but a man who, whenever he received a favor, could be trusted to do his best to repay it on any occasion that arose. 
 if he should gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?" 
 as I found that the emergencies never arose and that tea was better than whisky when a man was cold or done out, I abandoned the practice of taking whisky on hunting trips twenty years ago. 
 Just next to the burro, a man struggled in vain to raise the posterior of an similarly burdened and now-fallen zebra  whose extended tongue
 There is nothing more awkward than splurging on a man and seeing his face when he hands you, you know, a box of Hershey''s. 
 A man who scaled a 27-storey building in central London has been arrested for allegedly wasting police time. 
 In the wake of ANOTHER so-called sex scandal involving a man doing something stupid (this time not a Republican), maybe we should just stop electing men. 
 The show focuses on the last life''s years of a man that has been worn-out by creditors and tuberculosis
 Immediately a man left his seat and  with bowed head and tears streaming down his cheeks
 According to Section 354D of the Criminal Law Amendment (2013), a man is said to commit the offence of stalking if he (i) follows a woman and contacts
 One was a man called Toshihiro Eguchi(link to picture) a school teacher
 [The hero] is a man or woman of great deeds. . . . The hero created himself; the celebrity is created by the media" (49, 61). 
 The choice is up to you. ** A doubleset man. ** Singlechested. ** A tailor is the only person who will ever judge a man by the size of his chest. ** If you''re looking for something a little trendier
 He was a man of honor serving our country in the U.S. Navy during WWII, aboard the USS North Carolina. 
 There was a man called Isaac Watts who wrote a great hymn. 
 This is for my father Johnny White a great leader a man who gave and got a lot of respect a man 
 [Spoiler Alert] Sidney Silchester, a man with a taste for honey, moves to the rural English village of Ashton Clearwater for some peace and quiet. 
 but then  our president is a man of courage. 
 it''s unlikely that a man could have achieved the same effect, although not impossible. 
 I didn''t want our neighbours in the other half of the semi-detatched house to realise that there was a man in my house. 
 For example, a picture of a man shooting a deer can be read as "iru ka" (to shoot a deer) [13] but when combined to form "Iruka" 
 Sherlock Holmes attends a seance to unmask an impostor posing as a medium: Sebastian Melmoth, a man hell-bent on obtaining immortality after the discovery of an ancient Egyptian papyrus. 
 Samuel Y. Sim, principal of Chinese Gourmet Express, has been aptly described as a man of yesterday with a vision of a man of tomorrow. 
 A man collapsed, probably from an epileptic fit. 
 I had been seated with a man going to Albuquerque, a women going to Raton then the Thruway Bus to Denver and a man going to Kansas City. 
 about seeing Jack Ruby driving and letting out a man with a rifle case at the grassy knoll 1.5 hours before the Kennedy assassination. 
 Our son is almost a man full grown, and I mourn the knowledge you held him only once and so briefly. 
 Shortly after the death of Prophet Muhammad, a man named Musailama, a claimant to prophethood, was fought against together with his followersfor their apostacy. 
 a man 
 Jankinath Ji had to come up the hard way to make his mark as a man of achievement. 
 and that the best way for a man to get the sexual affections of these women is to espouse the pop-feminist parody of purity. 
 a man whose mind is waning and who has treated him nicely. 
 but I found your posts disrespectful to a man who could have been (and was) accurately described as a genius. 
 If a man would think worse of a young woman if she covers her head in accordance with the teachings of the Orthodox faith
 As part of India''s mission to send a man into space by 2015, a team of military scientists have been set a tricky task - to develop a curry fit for orbit. 
 Even when it comes to Jesus... there is not much difference... most "Jews" believe a man lived that we call Jesus. 
 Both these statements refer to a woman, but in the case of a man there is no objection.10 Further said R. Hisda  At first  before Israel sinned [against morality]
 And in the midst of it God sent a man named Jeremiah to speak a word which would arrest that nation, for this was God''s desire. 
 failing salesman who makes his living riding on a smile and a shoeshine  Arthur Miller redefined the tragic hero as a man whose dreams are at once insupportably vast and dangerously insubstantial. 
 He had the build of a man used to using his body. 
 There were no girls on the Slytherin team, who stood shoulder to shoulder, facing the Gryffindors, leering to a man . 
 There was a man with a very beautiful voice in the village Stari Koni. 
 Polish Sausage A man searches out a clerk and asks, "On what aisle could I find the Polish sausage?" 
 It is the trying again; the repeated effort and struggle; the faith which makes a man continue to fight and not despair; the trust in God''s mercy; the hope of eternal life, that make a Christian. 
 It can be proved that it is the sons of R. Hiyya13 who permit their use; because Hezekiah asked: How is it if a man set up an egg to worship it? 
 Jesus Christ took a nobody from a back alley -- and turned him into a man of God. 
 If a man should utter three true words under it, it would unite again. 
 For, as Samuel Johnson said in the 18th century: "When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford". 
 [29] In the prologue titled, Once Upon A Time, we see a man by a window sharpening a razor. 
 and given him a name which is above every name " (Phil. 2: 9.) By what services could a man merit to become the judge of the world  the head of angels  to obtain the supreme government of God
 The smile was that of a man in the twilight haze of creeping mental enfeeblement. 
 God''s justification takes place at the point of time at which a man believes. 
 Vin blinked, realizing only after Nathan had already started towards it that a man was sprawled there. 
 But almost impossible to get out of it, they do not consider what is best for a man   but seem to think they have a perfect right to gauge a mans life out at their pleasure
 A man in good physical condition could pull over frozen lakes a load of 90lb. on a toboggan all day without tiring. 
 REF:Elder Ephraim of Philotheou Mount Athos, "Counsels from the Holy Mountain" ... a man who passionately wishes his life
 limited animal" but becomes "a creature of intelligence and a man ." 
 He was a man of doubtful probity as it later was known and who finished sadly. 
 The Gurugram Police on Monday arrested a man for allegedly stalking and molesting a woman cop near the Bilaspur Chowk in Gurugram on Saturday night
 In the Da Vinci Code they seem to point towards Jesus being a man 
 This seems to contradict the following: If a man finds a bill of divorce in the street  if the husband acknowledges it he should deliver it to the woman
 But can R. Johanan have said this, seeing that Rab Judah has said in the name of Samuel, If a man 
 I yelled loudly, "Robo, Robo," as he ran past a man , but otherwise I let him escape without taking notice of his clothing, etc. 
 Again, Twain was a man who knew his audience and would be subversive rather than overt in his published work. 
 a man who caused the assassination the outcome of which Burundi has not recovered. 
 Her daughter Dolly Ellen WEST marr. a man named SHIELDS abt. 1918 or 1919 in Gifford
 He who with fear of God admonishes or corrects a man who has sinned, gains the virtue that is opposite to that sin. 
 Wayne Stephens delivered a manual wheelchair to a man in Connecticut who was injured in a work related accident and a power chair to a lady in Sebring
 A man reported that a family member had been staying in a rental unit he owns without permission. 
 Doctor Robert Take a drink from his special cup  Doctor Robert Doctor Robert  he''s a man you must believe  Helping everyone in need No one can succeed like Doctor Robert Well  well  well
 Num 5:11 "If a man rapes a girl inthe city, you must stone him to death, and the woman as well, for she did not cry for help. 
 a man better off at large than captured? 
 A man of duty  sometimes perceived as the conscience of his people
 I used to regard it as a difficult matter that a man should be able to be born again. ... Or that a man 
 A man of passionate temperament and inexhaustible enthusiasm  he used his pen like a stiletto
 On the contrary, I think we should congratulate ourselves on having a man in charge of our affairs who is able to look after his own and ours at the same time." 
 Dr. Marshall states, "You don''t cut off crime by hanging a man , you probably only add to it." 
 Specifically, Donald Trump said that Hillary Clinton would be a failed candidate if she were a man , and then tweeted that she was using the "woman card." 
 The appellant has committed a brutal and senseless crime of murder where he struck a man down to death without any cogent evidence of provocation. 
 We have seen a man thrown into prison because he did not prosecute a magistrate for embezzling public funds
 but the words apply to the whole course of his career as a man of letters. 
 If God appears as a man then a man is God!" 
 Latifi moves very well for a man his size, but he is giving up a significant speed advantage to his opponent. 
 Within sixty years a man walked on the surface of the moon. 
 and as soon as the sun shines upon it it changes into several colours.24 R. Ammi and R. Assi both say: [When a man needs the support of his fellow-beings] it is as if he were punished with two [opposite] punishments
 He was truly a man for the crisis. 
 T.H. Green has definitely convinced me of the axiomatic truth that the greatest good that a man can possess is the will to be good. 
 Traditionally, a man was expected to make his living through farming and industry. 
 pleading guilty  inter alia  of having kidnapped a man called Vicente Baquero who later declared that he had never been kidnapped. 
 26% reported having had sex with a man  15% reported past anal intercourse with a man , and 12% reported sexual arousal in response to male nudes. 
 a man called Barnabas  or the pseudo-Barnabas
 In 1830, a man named Nathan Harrison, son of Bazil, settled on the banks of the river near the foot of Main street. 
 From Lampedusa, Gilmour moved on to a man who, by contrast, always sought to live a very public life. 
 His father is a man that has the pothole helpline committed to memory. 
 A reunion was held 1949 and Dr. Gorill mentioned there was also a man with the first name of Langston. 
 Given the fact that both Trump and Biden, a man of such high status he could run as a corpse, are both Jesuits! 
 Gender identity is a person''s internal sense of themselves as a man or woman or another gender. 
 Granted, the Bible tells us that a man (and a woman) should one day put away childish things, but never does it specify 18, or 21. 
 ''Jew Shock'' is an expression first used on Internet by ''History Reviewed Channel'' on Youtube, videos from a man brought up in Rhodesia and (after age 15 or so, after a probably Jew-inspired crime) in South Africa. 
 Scripture usually speaks of "one flesh" when a man marries a woman, but Paul says it also includes sleeping with a whore. 
 Nonetheless, he insists he is a man: "I look like a man . 
 Front Seat A policeman in the big city stops a man in a car with a minature horse in the front seat. 
 I had a man tell me he went down as far as the Rock River for a load of wood and got half way home and the snow storm over took him. 
 His father and his mother he hath cursed  implying  a man that cursed his father, a man that cursed his mother. 
 A woman asked to live with a man and invited him into the bath tub with her. 
 A man finds his true love, when he finds the right woman, with the wisdom that corresponds exactly to his love and affection. 
 DonutHead EM is a man among men. 
 Washington Post Book World, 4/4/93, "Trying to Make a Man of Him," Sam Fussell reviews Anthony Rotundo''s American Manhood. 
 ''I have acquired title to the rescued object3 as it became ownerless''?4 Was it not taught [in a Baraitha]: ''If a man carrying pitchers of wine and pitchers of oil noticed that they were about to be broken  he may not say
 Instead of acknowledging the protester, the forum continued, and a man in a suit gave the young people from the Sunrise Movement a stern talking to. 
 "If you were beaten in the face, or were a man who was butchered, you couldn''t access the packages," she said. 
 but was previously engaged to a man and has gone on a couple of dates with men since the break up. 
 Lindberg operatives had followed a Los Angeles woman as she met a man at a bar, then to his house, where she left "in the early morning hours." 
 A man delvering bread. 
 Near the proposed Lejac camp and former residential school site, a man named Norman Charlie chopped wood with his son. 
 Peter  declares with assurance that miracles were not performed by Jesus as a god  but as " a man approved of God". 
 Use moderate exercise in walking or riding, as this will invigorate the body, and remove cardialgic pains, so that a man will be more hearty, strong, and the stomach will be. warmer as, well as your nerves more elastic. 
 About how the funeral statuettes (Shabti) may be made to work for a man in the underworld. 
 A man who had recently come from Vienna attended one of the London hospitals
 We can readily see he is a man possessed by ambition and hardened by the desire for power. 
 He did say however that there were remains of another body, possibly a man beside her. 
 If he dares not to fight against the enemy, he is (not enought of a man/ not enought as a man /not enough of man/not a man enough). 2. 
 General Alex Dumas, is a man almost unknown today  yet his story is strikingly familiar–because his son  the novelist Alexandre Dumas
 Mr. Paganelli is a man of great esteem; his efforts on behalf of the AFL truly make him a candidate for the AFL Hall of Fame. 
 Yet even today these false allegations continue to be used against him as proof of his unworthiness to be called a man of God. 
 a man 
 First, there was some sort of stabbing altercation in which Britt wound up taking a man to the hospital and did not want to talk to police. 
 After she eloped with a man of another caste, she was alienated for many years – Ram belonged to Karkun and Neeta to a family of Ghors. 
 After all, isn''t "being a man " a loaded concept coming with its own set of contents and discontents instead of being a mere statement of fact? 
 As A Man Thinketh, Chapter 5, The Thought-Factor In Achievement 
 A scream gets their attention, and a man wearing a pig mask and wielding a bloody knife holds it, at least until they shoot him dead. 
 This very newspaper got into the hands of Svishnikov''s assistant, a man by the name of Nuzhin. 
 The character is otherwise known as Doctor Kevin Trench, a man who witnessed a costumed crusader die battling terrorists
 For although a man be rocky ground, or by the way side, or among the thorns, yet it is possible for him to become good ground. 
 Desperate to fill in the gaps, Jordan transforms his father into a physical and moral ideal, a man simply too good to be true. 
 While he''s talking to a white doll that''s being moved around by a man in an all blue suit  eventually this maquette is going to be an all CGI character named China Girl
 A man trying to change himself after a traumatic fast, he now fights for his own goals. 
 It might be difficult for a man to maintain his sanity with this conversational style, but it is the language of women. 
 ''Some people think it is a strange thing for a man to want to do,'' says Nathan, ''being with young children all day... 
 Khaled Hosseini lives and breaths his work, showing the writer how a boy acts when guilty and how a man acts when he''s given up. 
 I saw a man who clearly cared more about wealthy special interests than the people he was supposed to be representing. 
 Paddling like a man possessed, the Aussie somehow managed to paddle over the back of the wave that Connor had caught and surf it to the beach. 
 etc. But as a result of the accident  he could not drive and we hired a man named Patrick Thomas and paid him $400.00 for 15 or so periods between mid-January 2016 to mid May 2016. 
 He "is strong, powerful and appears with three heads; the first is like a bull, the second like a man , and the third like a ram; the tail of a serpent, and from his mouth issue flames of fire." 
 Examination: If you examinest a man having an abscess with prominent head in his breast: and you findest a very large swelling protruding on his breast
 What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? can faith save him? - Ya''acob, the Righteous 
 Without this overflowing life, a man is old before his time, an impotent being, a plant that withers before it has ever flowered. 
 before beheading a man he alleged was a Russian spy.19 
 and a testament of how a man who had everything could end up losing the one thing he belatedly valued most - the companionship of the love of his life. 
 A gush of wind blew away our boat to an island where we saw a man busy adoring an idol. 
 It stings especially coming from Pitchford, a man who has repeated documented instances of callous, unprofessional, and generally uncouth behavior. 
 A man 
 Imagine a man , one who lives in a stretch of vaguely frightening forest somewhere up north. 
 Now why did she dress like a man to audition? 
 And Other Tough Heroes  Accompanied By Notes On Western History And Lore Meet The Frontier Bad Men -- Like Leo Carver -- A Man So Hated That Everyone In The Town Of Canyon Gap Planned To Turn Up For His Hanging. 
 This is a man who will save his daughter, no matter what it takes. 
 A man was observed to emerge from a back door of the building
 (53) If a man wounds another within the corporate limits of the city [that is
 He also said that there were other reports from witnesses about a man with a gun. 
 a man to re-enlist is, in truth, consigning him to almost certain death. 
 While he was at the pipe, a man whom he described as slim and fair-skinned dressed in a pair of blue jeans
 A man 
 But if a man plays this kind of character, it''s like, "He''s a man ." 
 The object of our faith, our hope for eternity, rests in the innocence of our Savior, a man who was never troubled by worry or afflicted by doubt
 Believe me when I say I know how tough it is being a man and a father today. 
 She opening asked, ''so, it''s a man and woman that are getting married?'' 
 but they are everything a man would like parked in his garage. 
 I played Bernadette, who was April''s (Megan Fox) boss, a role that used to be a man , so I was happy about that. 
 I haven''t seen his earliest work but he comes off a man who understood the cinematic tools at his disposal and how he could take advantage of the medium. 
 I enjoy the company of a man who enjoys the company of an intelligent educated womanSoft sexy skinI''m delicious
 They don''t want a man walking behind a woman and she can''t get in a store because she is scared. 
 A man may be frustrated with taking on the load that she has to step away from
 Hi, does someone remember the name of the telefilm where a man is inspired by seeing a relative go abroad, so he studies well and gets a job oversees. 
 "A woman needs a man , like a fish needs a bicycle..." 
 so when a wildcard comes up – like someone who was born a man but looks, lives, and identifies as a woman – they don''t know how to reason it out. 
 Lincoln was a man of many talents that helped form the myths we know today and that most of those myths are well justified. 
 He created his first bathrobe work in 1964, after being triggered by an newspaper advertisement of a man in a dressing gown. 
 a man snatched her off the street. 
 a world of heists  shakedowns and rip-offs  where Ray Carney is struggling with his double life: a man trying to keep his family afloat while being entangled in the crime world of Harlem. 
 Needing to start their lives over after the accidental death of their two-year-old son, a man and wife and their two young daughters move their family from Ireland to New York. 
 One shot is reported to have hit a man in the foot, according to a Facebook post by the Portage Police Dept. 
 Nationally, women earn 77 cents for every dollar a man makes and here in Rhode Island they earn 81 cents for every dollar a man makes. 
 and did not improve after 48.42-38  because GWD lost a man after 48... 12-17. 
 Some of the highlights for me were: Andre singing "When a Man 
 (Cameron plays a "dog whisperer" who inherits millions from a man he barely knows – all because he can communicate with the guy''s dog.) 
 I felt like a man called on to identify a body. 
 When we stopped for fuel this morning, a car stopped next to the buggy and a man and woman asks: Hi France, how are you? 
 In a culture where it''s forbidden for a woman to even look a man in the eye, I shouldn''t have touched Koehn''s foot. 
 A man is a casket filled with inspiration
 Aliens: Hudson: (male) Hey Vasquez, have you ever been mistaken for a man ? 
 be sure your sin will find you out  He frustrates the plans of men  unless a man is lead by God he labours in vane. 
 She goes over the ropes, like a man , then our corner helps her remove the boxing robe and her body is revealed, like a woman. 
 They chanted "Pig in a wig" and "He is a man – go on prosecute me", alongside holding up banners that read: "We love free speech." 
 and 68% say their son or daughter''s childcare provision does not include a man . 
 What stirred my faith was an encounter with a man who wants to be baptized in the Church. 
 And a a third thought is he looks at himself as a man with a heart, but that his love is manly. 
 You get a cross-division in that way, because a man can be a depressed class man and he can also be a labourer ? 
 "He was a true monster in the shape of a man, a man with a smile so charming he could lure any woman away. 
 Angulimal means a man who wears a garland of human fingers. 
 Can only imagine that decision was made by a man ... 
 Meanwhile, the NIA had carried out searches in Kerala in connection with the Lanka blast, and it arrested a man , who is a follower of Zahran Hashim, on the charge of conspiring to carry out a similar suicide attack in Kerala. 
 Ortiz, 43, was at the Dial Bar and Lounge in the capital Santo Domingo when a man climbed off a motorcycle and fired at close range from behind
 "Imperator," Gratian''s advisor, a man known as Bullus voiced, " we must pull back before it''s too late. 
 One 28-year-old man remains in custody on suspicion of outraging public decency after a man was pictured apparently urinating near the memorial for PC Keith Palmer. 
 A man holds a placard reading "Je suis Charlie" (I am Charlie) during the rally. 
 Dorit has been battling it out in court over $1.2 million PK owes to a man named Nicos Kirzis. 
 He is a man of his word and the Kiso are strong. 
 how is it that a man like Trump who has been proven to be a pathological liar  a man who has a long record of graft and scams  a man who makes idiotic promises he can never keep
 Thankfulness is what makes a man draw near to God even when he has sinned, because he has been near to God before he knows that God will receive him again. 
 Hah this story become more interesting, what a fate will befall to a man who molested a priestess, a blasphemy! 
 A provision which said that "When a man is prosecuted for rape or an attempt to ravish
 a man in his 30s. 
 A man of faith called to a holy office, a man to whom within the Holy Roman Empire was called as a saint. 
 If it''s not there, I have my ways to put it across that respect needs to be given to be everyone, be it a man or a woman." 
 a man 
 Recently, netizens were surprised to see a a seven years ago post, where a man on Twitter had warned the world about Coronavirus. 
 Clues involve a man wearing a hood, and a mysterious poison gas. 
 especially our enemies  and those who have hurt us  ignored us  hated us – this is the greatest warfare a man can engage in. 
 A man 1year older than I, he owns 5~6 companies & his business is expanding every year. 
 As a man thinks in his heart, so is he. 
 anchors  editors  publishers – a list that''s long and varied  it is a man that''s truly leading this movement. 
 It means that you can''t charge more for a service to a woman than you do a man (or vice versa). 
 Martin Skrtel – a man whose name was made for Scrabble  but should not be allowed near a football pitch
 It''s " a man in a robe" being orally serviced! 
 This week, a man in Cape Cod was bitten by a shark and is in critical condition. 
 Within a dozen years a man was walking on the Moon''s surface. 
 It is this enduring image of a man who must be strong and violent and eschew anything unmanly that persists even to this day. 
 In Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe, the main character Okonkwo was a man who lived ... 
 I started to describe the river and the woods, and before I knew it, there was a man playing blues guitar, and a boy without a mother. 
 A man 
 What "When a Man Loves a Woman" understands is that those around the ... 
 I liked that in a man . 
 Dear Uncle I''m a man who likes the idea [...] 
 – Bastiat in G. C. Roche III, Frederic Bastiat, A Man Alone  p.157. - The other individual human rights and liberties fully declared  published
 a man or a group of men, and forbade all others to enter that particular field." 
 – G. C. Roche III, Frederic Bastiat, A Man Alone  p.14. - So why aren''t there any comprehensive anarchist and libertarian joke collections
 27:2 "Speak to the children of Israel, and say to them, ''When a man makes a vow, the persons shall be for Yahweh by your valuation. 
 A man in a rubber monster suit: not scary at all, and it adds to a cheap impression of the movie. 
 Richard Hooker  in his work  Laws of Ecclesiastical Polity  published in 1593  maintained that it is unworthy of a man to submit blindly, like a beast, to the compulsion of any kind of authority without consulting his own reason. 
 (Someone subsequently brought a man into a local hospital with a gunshot wound  but the wounded man left before talking with police
 Motto means: " A man without a language has lost his land"
 Right from the time it first crossed my mind to have a man , I aspired and prayed fervently for a very sincere man. 
 The life of celebrated Mexican archaeologist Moctezuma tells of a man 
 In our very first episode, we interview Andrew Lezala, a man who''s been in rail for more than 4 decades and who  in his previous job lifted on-time performance to 94 per cent
 Peter came in contact with a man . 
 He should take his punishment like a man and get on with helping Leeds Utd to achieve the greatness the team and the fans deserve. 
 I see a man whose dreams of peace were slain by demons that consumed him, a mindrape giving birth to a child of Evil. 
 Timoti is a man tortured by what he''s had to do to maintain his Firewall cover. 
 The Cover Changes the Gender: Chris Smither''s "Love You Like A Man " becomes "Love Me Like A Man", slightly changing the narration from a boast to a come-on as well. 
 When I first heard it, I mistook her for a man but caught on after a bit. 
 A MAN OPENED MY CAR DOOR & STABBED ME W SOMETHING! 
 If a man (a disturbed man hanging out on a street  acting strangely
 Hannan is an outstanding orator, a man of genuine eloquence and a command of language that suggests some real intellectual heft. 
 It''s unsuitable for a man of your station. --Featherhead 
 believing that any complimentary  courtly  or flirtatious remark made by a man to a woman in a work setting is a career-ending offense. 
 This is clearly a man who has learned nothing from the foreign policy debacles of Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, and Libya. 
 As a man somewhat given to airy  Buddhistic speculations myself
 This means a gal that a man would want to have intercourse (actually more than that) with. 
 Even a man in his position must state them with some deft. 
 Terry once fought a man whose psychic power was to shut off his own pain receptors in Batman Beyond. 
 Bork also mention that a man was prosecuted under Canada''s hate-crime law for quoting Biblical passages condemning homosexual acts. 
 I know it''s difficult to stand for what you think is right, particularly in a highly competitive market, but " a man ''s got to do what a man''s got to do." 
 A man by the name of Brown was postmaster
 As a man who is drawn to both the beautiful and the degraded  my aim is to act as a bridge between conservative men and liberal men
 A man 
 In other words, marriage between a man and a woman is an unfair form of privilege. 
 Or was it a Freudian semi-slip, a man thinking that he himself is indeed in the wrong place at the wrong time? 
 While snickering know-it-alls like Moore claim to see panic or blankness or indecision in his face, I saw the look of a man realizing the enormous burden that had just been placed on him. 
 if the U.S. Supreme Court did hold that a state constitution that defined marriage as the union of a man and woman violated the equal protection clause
 If you''re losing, just be a man, be a man and lose as a man . 
 It was, he felt, the love not only for a man who had been in movies, but a man who had given his life to causes which were deemed worthy. 
 He is a man who spoils everything with his loud mouth and to please the crowd he displeased Sampras. 
 indeed  a man . 
 He is a man who stands high in the estimation of the people of his vicinity
 a man has forgiven him, the more he loves him that has been so gracious to him. 
 At the time he seemed a man in his fifties but was actually in his seventies. 
 MIKE MINELLO Love in The Elephant Mans Life The novel The Elephant Man by Christine Sparks tells a melodramatic story of a man who s ... MINELLO 3 how Merrick had obeyed Bytes shouted orders the day before. 
 A man runs into a chemist pursued by three women  he shouts: Miss get me a packet of three condoms  Miss Don''t you ''Miss'' me OK
 A great man was he and a great soldier, but not a lovable character–rather a man of iron. 
 Danie prayed openly and avowedly; and though a man of vast business, he di not think that would excuse him from daily exercises of devotion. 
 Where a man was too close, he''d simply brain the guard with the bow, as though it were an extension of his arm. 
 But it doesn''t make you a man . 
 and the likeness of the living creatures; as that Matthew may be signified by the creature that has the face of a man   because he begins his Gospel with the genealogy of Christ  as man; and Mark by the lion
 It is said,–"Many a man knows no end of his goods;" right! many a man has good horns and knows no end of them. 
 which is to God for a sweet smelling savour  ( Ephesians 5:2) the Jewish doctors gather from hence  that whether a man offers much or little  it matters not  if his heart is but directed to God; which Maimonides explains thus f30 
 The seat for Gaspé in the Lower Canadian House of Assembly was held by Edward O''Hara, a man sympathetic to Charles Robin and Company and for whom Robin campaigned actively. 
 The mother was born in Vermont, and after the death of her first husband married a man named Elliot Chency and returned to Kent County; she was widowed a second time in Paris, Mecosta Co., MIch., in 1871. 
 The Prygun Molokan is a man of prayer and in His most ordinary acts closely associates sacred with secular attributes. 
 a man of "high honor and integrity
 (being assisted by other ordained ministers ) Thomas Coke  Dr. of civil law  a presbyter of the Church of England  and a man whom I judge to be well qualified for that great work. 
 where they located at Westport  Mo. March 11  1855  she was married to William H. Burns  also a native of Ireland  and a man of education and travel, who at that time was employed as a stonemason for the Shawnee and Delaware Indians. 
 1) of or belong to a king, kingly, royal, regal 1a) of a man   the officer or minister of a prince  a courtier 2) subject to a king 2a) of a country 3) befitting or worthy of a king
 4:2 Here, further, it is sought in stewards, that a man be found faithful. 
 ( Leviticus 18:7) and  according to the Jewish writers f49   such a man was doubly guilty: their canon is  " ba tça l[ abh he that lies with his father''s wife is guilty
 Guinan is commanding in a lights out performance as a man who is faced with heavy challenges while Mary Beth Fisher is also impressive in her role as Roz
 Now let''s imagine that a man goes at the speed of 5 km/h, the Earth makes one rotation every 24 hours, and if a man stands on the equator he covers 40 000 km in addition  i.e. about 1666 km/h
 In addition to becoming the sixth coach in basketball history to win 100 games in his first five years, Stan Watts was a man of integrity and sportsmanship both on and off the court. 
 ü "Finding oneself when lost is the test of a man  " says a veteran of the Forest Service who has seen men
 A picture with a boy on one side and a man on the other side. 
 He was a farmer and a man of quiet  reserved disposition  who never pushed himself forward  was temperate in everything
 Verses 27, 28 - A man may show himself to be a wise man, by the good temper of his mind, and by the good government of his tongue. 
 who had difficulty accepting this representative of London – a man untrained in the law and unfamiliar with Quebec. 
 A man with a pathological hatred of newborn children. 
 Rubin tells a man that he''s got his black whatever down between his legs (metaphorically, of course, as we don''t see anything). 
 A man who''s been arrested for burglary is thrown down into a deep hole/cage in the floor. 
 A man may ruin himself through mere carelessness
 While Mr. Brown was not a public speaker, he was a man of superior character, held in great esteem by his fellow citizens. 
 After the War Johnny Race was replaced as Control by a man I have been unable to find any details of  but who was very much in the Machiavellian mould of Professor Moriarty
 And now here we have this striking combination of circumstances - that a man   admittedly a homicidal lunatic
 but then he converted to Orthodoxy and  according to the testimony of the local archpriest  he was a man of exemplary piety [reverence for God] and morals. 
 (Reported by Malik in Al-Muwatta.) On another occasion the Prophet (peace be on him) saw a man with unkept hair and remarked, "Does he have nothing with which to comb his hair?" 
 On the authority of Usama ibn Zayd, Muslim in his Sahih reported that a man came to the Messenger of Allah (peace be on him), saying, "I practice coitus interruptus with my wife." 
 You will surely reply: "No sir, such a man is not called Muslim. 
 A man said: ''O Messenger of Allah  such-and-such a woman has a reputation for praying to an enormous extent
 And when a man should find some other person in difficulty  and sorrowful  he should sympathies with him
 If a man were running from the law
 after extolling Lea  he contrasts her end with that of the consul-elect  Vettius Agorius Prætextatus  a man of great ability and integrity, whom he declares to be now "in Tartarus." 
 when  not as God for the hand-maid whom He had created and governed  but as a man for the mother  of whom He had been created  and whom He was now leaving behind
 His conduct is that of a man without virtue and he will never fulfill the ideal of being a genuine missionary." 
 And so was Melchisedec, a man called out from amongst men, or he was not a priest. 
 ? A man came to Allah?s Messenger (PBUH), and asked him: ?O Prophet of Allah! 
 Were you the first down that day, as far as you know? - No; because a man named Thompson had to get up to go to work at about half-past three, but I don''t suppose he went into the yard. 
 A man need only read the first chapter of Genesis
 I cannot say, but I entered upon it with great expectation, as I knew the author to be a man of understanding, and one whose natural abilities were improved by a considerable share of learning. 
 "Where a goat can go, a man may go; and where a man can go, he can haul up a gun," argued the gallant general. 
 It is no small thing for a man who loves his children to leave them entirely in the hands of a drunken woman for weeks together. 
 a man who in every relation of life is without fear and without reproach. 
 Bartie Paterson  who confessed in 1607 to giving a man nine ''pickles''  or rowan berries to keep on him at all times
 falls into the bayou where "The chemicals  and forces within the bog  mutated (him) into a muck-encrusted mockery of a man !" 
 I will make a man of you." 
–for  he asks  is it not possible for us to blind ourselves  and so no longer have the ability to see? and would not many a man like to control the "use" of his "capacity" to hear when a screechy saw is in the neighbourhood? 
 Consider me as ye would a man; consider Moses as a man : if ye will judge according to the truth  ye will condemn neither Moses nor me; and when ye know the truth ye will know me
 a man and animal have ... 
 6:22 If a man sin against his {f} neighbour  and an oath be laid upon him to make him swear
 (commercial) Kohler - Jo''s Plumbing (2007) Summary: A man tries to clog his toilet so he can hire an attractive plumber. 
 25] This judgment applies only to a man who seduces a woman, not to a woman who seduces a man . 
 This elegant dwelling belonged to the nephew of Sulla ( a man of considerable political cloud in the city). 
 The presentation of these brief notes has been prompted by genuine affection and admiration for a man of high and rare qualities  and we wish him comfort
 Then you look closer and you realize she doesn''t look quite like a man either but is sort of half way between male and female. 
 A man should live with his superiors as he does with his fire --not too near  lest he burn; nor too far off
 O thou who art able to write a book which once in the two centuries or oftener there is a man gifted to do  envy not him whom they name city-builder
 But for a man to impeach the gospel simply because he does not believe in the repeated occurrence of some incident
 Members of a cultural delegation from Algeria wrote, "Chairman Mao is a man with unlimited knowledge, but at the same time he is very modest. 
 Just because Hannah has proved that she is an independent woman who doesn''t need a man , does it mean that she doesn''t have one now? 
 Despite his gentleness, his soft spoken manner and his always respectful demeanor, he was a man of steel
 He is a man whose kindly smile and genial manners readily win friends in any gathering in which he may be found. 
 It shows a man of calm and grand aspect. 
 This rapid evolution of the American society and the territory it occupied made a man of letters''s head spin when  like La Rochefoucauld-Liancourt
 The thrills kept coming with a role in the action-packed Vin Diesel misfire A Man Apart
 A man of sound judgment and broad intelligence, his investments were always conservative and safe. 
 Her daughter Kana was married to a man from another village. 
 that do I not: but what I hate  that do I." The French preacher was pointing out the two men in a man , and how they fought against each other, and the king interrupted him in his sermon and said, "Ah, I know those two men." 
 Thou art a man , and willest to be asked to forgive, and dost thou think that God will pardon thee without asking Him? 
 A man must serve his time to every trade Save censure--critics all are ready made. 
 Falling in with a man named Daly, who had escaped from Lake Shetek, they traveled together till they came to a deserted farm-house. 
 His presence seems to have undercut the attempts of the local inhabitants to have Jean-Antoine Ledru*, a man suspected of republican sympathies, appointed their parish priest. 
 Her desperation and anxiety to get out of Guyana, her total dependency on a man to lift her out of bondage
 He had been a man who joined fraternal societies  and his long funeral procession included Orangemen  freemasons  oddfellows
 It introduces Gloucester as a man affected by the worldly and physical aspects of life. 
 A Honda Pilot driver pulls over to the side of the road where a man is stuck in cement. 
 apperceptions and notions tinged by mental proliferation [papañca-saññā-sankhā] beset a man with respect to past  future
 What further result it will yield, whether it will lead to a man ''s making any original contribution to the perfecting of life, will depend on his special gifts and circumstances. 
 he said  "I am a man who is guided by my ethical principles. 
 it is said subsequently: "For who among men knoweth the things of a man , save the spirit of the man which is in him? so, too, the things of God knoweth no one save the Spirit of God." 
 It is, indeed, better for a man to confess his ignorance of what he knows nothing about
 For if a man take the parts of Creation separately  and consider each by itself –as for example the sun by itself alone
 I do not think that a man 
 In this perspective, we can readily see how high a value a man has, as God''s own object of true love. 
 If a man wants to go out, if you want to bring him back, then you have to give him a strong explosive experience. 
 When a man and a woman who are perfected in true love enter into a husband-wife relationship  and bear and raise children
 A man may be learned without being fit for anything but the gathering of fact to fact unless he has the spark divine. 
 It took a man with brains to buy without money. 
 a man 
 The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives. - [Tragedy] 
 I''m wondering if you are looking at him through twentieth-century eyes, when he should be looked at as a man of his times. 
 Behind the hunky-looking, solidly masculine exterior is a man who carries several deep and well defined character traits. 
 Human Rights Watch reviewed a video in which a man representing himself as a leader of Al-Qaeda asks a crowd of onlookers in Ramadi
 a man   who  because the people of Lisbon used  in the days of my grandfather  to practise a very primitive system of sewerage
 Kill a man in the afternoon and sit and play the mouth organ like that all evening. 
 So here they were, by chance, at the bottom of the sea, at the mercy of a man on a raft--who was like Nana''s son. 
 In Imperial China, formal marriage was sanctioned only between a man and a woman, although a man could take several concubines and the children from the union were considered legitimate. 
 A man can marry a man. 
 Rev. Mr. Luddon was a man of excellent character, and under his preaching the church the same spring materially added to its numbers. 
 the nature of a human being can be changed neither by vows nor by human law [that a woman should not desire a man  nor a man a woman]. 
 "Listen to ''em up there trying to get a hole to shoot through so''s to plug a man in the back! 
 But what''s a man to do with a nagging fool of a wife and a blasted scientific doctor for a governor
 Usually they hang a man and consider the evidence afterward. 
 and how was anyone to imagine that a man with such a name might be suffering from political shell-shock? 
 If a man suffers from a bilious disease  and receives even honey and sugar  he will not enjoy its flavour
 It appears that while living on the top floor of a block of model dwellings in the neighborhood of Aldgate, a man engaged on the floor below a bed-room  with lumber-room adjoining  and paid her to keep the former clean
 whether this life be  embryonic  or in full flower  or already approaching its term  only God Lord of the life of a man who is not guilty of a crime punishable with death." 
 "I was talking the other day to a man 
 or more specifically  George  Curley''s wife  Candy  and Crooks  lead lonely desperate lives that they ... she meets a man from Hollywood and Curley at a party. 
 A man walks in and places a manila folder in front of her) Woman: What''s this? 
 "The Music School" by John Updike is mainly about a man drawn to tears and fear of rejection by the occurrences around him. 
 a man 
 Exactly one year later, Johnny Chambers was killed by a man from the Middle East who called himself Savitar. 
 One day at St. Joseph, Mich., a man was advertised to make a high dive. 
 Later, when the girl finally got home at 1.30am, she was ''very distressed'' and told her anxious mum she had been out with a man and smoking cannabis. 
 When Adam and Eve had completely matured as a man and woman, they would have felt burning desire of love for each other. 
 A man who lives alone or with other male roommates could be living in a veritable minefield. 
 As I emerged from the compound, a man dashed from a side-turning into the alley in front of me, and came running swiftly in my direction. 
 It''s something to work for--puts pep into a man . 
 And Davy really seemed almost a man . 
 when a man looks like the trunk of a tree  and the trunk of a tree looks like a man . 
 And yet he is truly a man so famous, say I, and therefore humbly beg the reason for your censure and lofty reprobation." 
 But before I heard her, I had shoved against a man in khaki uniform who turned around quickly. 
 If a man hits you hit him back, only harder. 
 A man from Spital in the County of Northumberland, known to be a servant. 
 Around three months later, as she traveled to St. Osyth to sell Bishop''s butter, she met a man with great eyes who wore a ragged suit who "gave her three things like to Moules having foure feete apiece
 A man from Wapping in the county of Greater London  known to be a physician
 He was better dressed than you would expect to find a man at the back of the backwoods; strathcona boots, whipcord breeches, tweed coat, and the inevitable Stetson. 
 Hugh suspected a conspiracy, particularly when he saw Baldy attach a man called Svenska Lew to his side  a crude  ignorant Hercules from the Raspberry Lake outfit
 The heart of a man is like running water,–the years in their course purify the moral contagion. 
 This by Mansel''s direction, "for," said he, "I know that a man can take nothing out of this world, but, so long as he''s in it, he may as well keep what he''s got." 
 Mitchell followed Betty, and on the way he bumped a man in a chair and didn''t stop to apologize. 
 I was also making the decision and laying the foundation to become a man of science. 
 which is proof against all argument  and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance; this principle is contempt prior to examination. 
 It was the only thing of the sort I ever heard him say--he was a man who never spoke of his feelings--but it was said with a penetrating force and sincerity which I still remember keenly. 
 Besides young Bill Turner, who was just twenty, there was another son nearly old enough to be called a man   two daughters of fifteen and sixteen
 He replies, in some cases a man might leave his wife: Mr. Pigeon answers againe  there must be a joynt consent of both parties
 A man of peace? 
 But I don''t believe that such a man lives.'' 
 "Mr. Elmer Strong," he said, " a man whose brother is in the cattle business  and who has himself interests in it
 At once her eyes rested upon a man standing but a short distance away. 
 " A man –I forget his name–who knew everything about plays; Car and he had a lot to say to each other. 
 Looking at his brother sidelong, Cassius saw he looked a whole lot tireder than a man should, coming off so easy a trip--virtually a vacation. 
 He had a man stationed to set the blast at a signal. 
 "Ah, I see that you, unlike friars in general, are a man of education. 
 This, Meng Zi argued, can be seen in the fact that a child naturally loves his parents and that a man will instinctively experience a feeling into a well. 
 He says that a man 
 PJ Harvey & John Parish - A Woman A Man Walked By (album) Island  2009-03-30 The album  out on March 30  2009  is a collaboration with John Parish
 He wrote a message to himself on the pad by his bed and went back to sleep, smiling and strangely calm for a man who''d just dreamed of being a fish hooked on a lure. *** Dale was late for work, and for the first time ever, Pat was early. 
 and just how impossible it was to reason with or to cajole a man who never had a moment to hear one. 
 Funny how adversity can change a man , though, isn''t it? 
 I saw the truth of this in one of my heroes, a man called Joshua Abraham Norton, who was Emperor of the United States from 1859-1880. 
 A Man died after being hit by a train at a level crossing on Tuesday morning. 
 The Boone County Sheriff''s Office says a man is behind bars the worse for wear after he tried to burglarize a home and was shot at and collared by the homeowner. more 
 It indeed comprehends all things whatsoever, and is as much as to say, that a man should never suffer himself to grow angry at all; and  upon the whole  I think  if the matter be candidly weighed
 ''Do you remember a night–perhaps a month ago–when you came across a man in the ditch on Carrier Street?'' 
 Mr. Fennel sat down with the unruffled air of a man who had just as lief make a speech as not. 
 "This isn''t about Joe," I told him, "it''s about a man named Berg." 
 "Do you really mean you''d have me give up my own paper and all the work I do on the Council--just to have a job under a man like that? 
 Diogenes the Cynic was once asked by one of his students whether a man should buy or rent. 
 The only name of a man he could recall as sent by Bogoljubow into concentration camp, was Dr. Seitz (Dr. Seitz J.A. - V.Ch.). 
 Examples: [Collected on the Internet, 1999] A man goes to a car dealership one day after inheriting a good deal of money (or after a great business deal
 Hand of a man clever far beyond his fellows--how sad that such a man has passed. 
 A man had his work, hadn''t he? 
 with the zone as more of a situational one  but year to year Drew has shown that he can coach the zone and fall back on a man for man when the match ups favor, or require it. 
 "It is a man . 
 a man again. 
 Indeed, the more closely a man looks at the evidence
 Surely the sounds of a man 
 The evening captures the Kerry conundrum: a man often tagged as a political opportunist -- aloof  insincere -- was also a young man of courage and high ambition
 No one is going to classify me less a man or less an American because of who I love. 
 Even Mr. White, who was what you might call a hard nature of a man , was quite overcome and said a prayer for strength in the garden. 
 "For unless a man be born again of water and the Holy Ghost, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God" (John 3:5) (DS, 791). 
 He''s another example on how to be a man , and a good soul. 
 " A man who''s taking a tonic takes it at least three times a day–regularly. 
 It seems fitting, though, that the land was first graced by the boots of a man committed to freedom and diplomacy – ideals that now define American University. 
 The two presented a curious contrast--the stalwart Yorkshireman, a splendid figure of a man in his towering height and strength  his broad  benevolent face and features cut as though out of granite  and Dutley
 Place him upon the throne of his fathers, and you have in such a man not only a friendly neighbour but a grateful servant.'' 
 Authorities say a surveillance camera recorded a man intentionally setting several fires in the store. 
 William Durant, founder of GM and Chevrolet, said "Money is only leaned to a man . 
 One of the characters in this book is a man who just cleans the street on a daily basis, but is the happiest person in the world. 
 In one diary entry, he said: " A man has been arrested for raping a seven-year-old in the toilet, this place is hell, I feel sick. 
 If you think acting the same way toward a man would seem like you''re making a gay pass at him, then it probably has sexual overtones. 
 Because according to the dic(k)tates of heterosexual masculinity, to love and desire a man is something that only a woman is supposed to do. 
 I challenge this view by focusing attention on a man named Zayd b. 
 ''''I am a man of my word. 
 An 18th century French School oil on canvas Portrait of an Actress, the subject likely a man in womens garb (as women were denied acting pursuits) (estimate: $1,000-$2,000). 
 a man could have  due to the constraints on his wallet
 Collins, a scientist who wrote "The Language of God," is a man of faith, Harkin pointed out. 
 When officers arrived at the location, they found a man , later identified as 27-year-old Anthony Talley, suffering from several gunshot wounds, including one to the head. 
 If you don''t watch out, a great man, a man of power, will show you, Orestes, what an impotent nobody you are. 
 I know the religion permits a man 
 I''m inspired by your post to someday find a man like this. 
 Honesty for me it''s hard to find a man who isn''t too light or too rough. 
 yeah but if the fisherman is a man 
 a man with regards to marriage. 
 same cut  same style  I''ll be happy to spend 30 mins and charge the same as a man . 
 One face in the distance suddenly catches her attention -- a man she vaguely recognizes -- and the breath catches in her throat. 
 Who''ll teach him how to be a man ?'' 
 who was based in Wardak  had admitted to handing over several prisoners to a man known as Zakeria Kandahari, a shadowy figure who has spent years working with U.S. forces. 
 Sunday''s deadliest attack took place in the northern city of Mosul, when a man driving a car blew himself up outside a government bank where soldiers were waiting to collect their salaries
 My question is if A is a monkey, then how did he tell us that he is a man and b is a lying monkey in the first place? 
 She had been foolish enough to give a man her heart once, and he had betrayed her. 
 At length, however, he remembered that he had seen a man and woman pass him soon after midnight  and noticing a moment later that they had disappeared
 His information on Albie Swinson had led back to a man named Stanley Gables. 
 a man dead on the street (and received a severe knife wound in response). 
 "Have you seen a man named Barry Allen anywhere in there? 
 came the voice of a man from Clark''s childhood. 
 He was a man of prominence, and was elected the first judge of the judicial district. 
 She had never in her life done that with a man and she resented the implication. 
 It was amazing to see her husband standing there looking very much like the man he was supposed to be portraying, a man who was worth a billion dollars. 
 They had been reluctant at first to accept hospitality from a man that they were actively trying to dissuade their daughter from dating. 
 Also, can you give me details on the strange forms in front of the window that some call the outline of a man ? 
 It often meant loneliness; the sky was a lonely place to be, especially for a man so different from everyone else. 
 Her youthful friend had become a man right before her eyes and she hadn''t even realized it. 
 How could a man 
 On a gleaming white work table, a man 
 "Iron Sky" sci-fi film featuring the music of Laibach coming soonIf You Believe They Put a Man on the Moon... – Nursing Novellas BlogDid the moon help sink the Titanicwhere the moon shines [...] 
 She''d made her own bed, tying her future to a man no better than pond scum. 
 To the world he was a celebrity, a man who got mobbed wherever he went, a man who had dolls and clothing and comic books modeled off him. 
 "Tempus is a man with an unfortunate propensity for violence. 
 Both morally and intellectually he was a man far beyond the average. 
 It was an article about a man who was made into a cyborg, dubbed "Metallo" by the press, though his name was originally Johnny Corbin. 
 "There was a man named Darryl that was supposed to be in charge of the research department. 
 A rough outline had been drawn on the floor around the unmoving body of a man ; dead, Clark realised. 
 he wondered if this Lois knew how lucky she had been to avoid intimacy with a man like Claude. 
 This was a man who exuded power, authority. 
 A man only wants a handmaiden and a bed partner. 
 "It''s tough to have secrets from a man with x-ray vision." 
 He might not have any emotional attachment to her, but that had nothing to do with bodily satisfaction for a man like Lex, did it? 
 And a man who needed her, even if others didn''t. 
 If she had ever contemplated a permanent – or semi-permanent – relationship with a man , children had never really seemed to figure in the picture. 
 Jack seems like this, but he''s not a man who acts like a child, he actually is a child and looks like a man. 
 "They were killed by a man named Jason Trask." 
 shining outline of a picture frame in front of the mirrored pillar; the next showed the still picture of a man 
 She was victimized by a man 15 years older! 
 A man as handsome as he was couldn''t possibly not have a girlfriend, some of the older women illogically reasoned. 
 "Rachel talked about a man , didn''t she?" 
 It was clear he was very integrated tightly into the lives of others – he was a man who chose to live connected to those around him. 
 He was a man of strict integrity. 
 Tolstoi was an inveterate hiker, a horseman until he was eighty, for many years a dedicated hunter, a man who lived mostly in the country; he was, to a very great extent, a man of Nature. 
 Funeral services conducted by the writer and sermon from the text, "If a man die shall he live again." 
 Without it, the audience might find it hard to engage sympathetically with a man so bent on ill-doings. 
 One hadeeth says, " A man should not be alone with a woman, for verily Satan makes a third" (Muslim). 
 Thomas Downes passed his life in farming in the Empire State, and being a man of industry and good judgment managed to accumulate a comfortable property  so that at the time of his death  in 1880
 " A Man of His Times" Born January 15  1861  at Sweet Water (Exmore) Died June 28  1946  at Dixons Mills Locally educated
 At 26, he''s a man , not a child. 
 In one League of Super Redundant Heroes strip, a man coming home early from work finds his wife being tied up by a strange man, both of them wearing kinky scanty outfits. 
 Tradition say many a man took his last drink at Potts'' Spring and spent his last hour on earth in Potts'' house..." 
 Through its collaborative nature and formal themes, the tower illustrates the idea of joining a man and a woman in marriage. 
 The Last of Us: Bill was once with a man named Frank until the latter ran off. 
 Mr. Pantlind was a man of wide interests and exceptional abilities. 
 But what really happens when a man chooses to "live his religion?" 
 A man ran out of his house in his shirt-sleeves on hearing a noise of shouting. 
 What happens to the body after a man dies? 
 I went to the diner and was seated opposite a man who was on his way back to Chicago from a small town near Glasgow, Montana, where he had gone to visit relatives. 
 MVP asks her if she''s really going to make a woman wrestle a man , and Dixie says not to go there because she wishes he was a wrestler so she could get someone to put him on his backside. 
 In Wells''s own words "The thesis is that he is a man of enormous knowledge and capacity. 
 How dare she shirk her duties to serve a man in holy matrimony and breed for the next generation of Conservative Republicans! 
 You rightly diagnose the problem, but if your prescription to lack of fidelity to the constitution is a man who doesn''t even know it exists, then you''ve gone round the bend. 
 Whereas elsewhere in the English-speaking word, a man can be called a C-word a lot more easily than a woman, and it''s much less offensive. 
 put on his shirt and directed a boy with them who did not go in  to run for help  which he did  getting a man about 30 rods from where the drowning occurred. 
 behold  a man stepped out  pulled the organ out of the corner
 a man . 
 He was a man of a strong constitution and had a cheerful disposition which no doubt contributed largely to his long life. 
 The Independent Police Conduct Authority has found that a Police officer used excessive force while arresting a man in Auckland on 5 February 2017, by inappropriately ''re-energising'' a Taser on him after he had fallen to the ground. 
 At that moment, on the road leading from the big house, two women and a man in a white hat were seen coming toward the officers. 
 No matter how many sins a man has committed before baptism they cannot prevent him from taking holy orders and joining the clergy  since
 Jenkins'' heart gave out in the wee hours Monday, his family said, and Rock Hill may never again see the likes of a man whose title was track coach but whose calling was life coach. 
 However, this time a hippie, whose hair was so long and his beard so covered his face that he resembled a bear more than a man , opened the office door and stepped into the office. 
 It is Still Harder for a Woman to Succeed in Insurance Than a Man , CEO Says 
 The minute Joseph ceased to be a man of his word, he could no longer be trusted. 
 A year when Enrique Iglesias loved a man holding potato chips  a friendly giraffe was comfortable with his feminine side
 In short, we see a woman unafraid to deal with a man , a woman unafraid to express her anger and able to do so, not only actively but flamboyantly. 
 A man who calls himself "a brother" but is sexually immoral or greedy  an idolater or slanderer  a drunkard or swindler
 He is a man 
 ( A Man In A Thousand) Action | Adventure | History | Mystery | Thriller 
 He was a man with a fine Christian character. 
 One day a man called at my hotel in Paris with a letter purporting to be written to me by M. de Villemessant
 Police received a call around 2:30 a.m. reporting a man being chased with a knife on Mendocino Avenue near Fourth Street, according to Sgt. David Boettger. 
 I am not sure of this question in itself, but if I am correct this is my thinking, a man observes things around him  uses his intellect  and reasoning  and logic
 A romance blossoms, but little does Hlomu know that Mqhele is a man with secrets. 
 For one example, in Cherry Adair''s book, In Too Deep, the main character is a man coming to terms with having lost an eye (he wears a patch). 
 The bible refers to David as a man after God''s own heart. 
 Rape: Rape is defined as any sexual intercourse (vaginal, oral, or anal), however slight, with any object by a man or woman upon a man or woman, by forcible compulsion or without effective consent (please read above). 
 An engineer at the Brookhaven National Laboratory a man named Willy Higginbotham,in 1958 created perhaps what is considered the first electronic game. 
 in that white  frosty weather  on the heels of a man enthusiastic beyond his strength [Pg 285] a man , indeed, given to the pursuit of his business beyond the strength of any lad to keep up with. 
 A man very interested in the car and after a 20 minute call could I meet him next day. 
 It was like seeing a man cut down in his prime before your eyes. 
 A man wearing a protective face mask walks by statues of bulls on display outside a bank in Beijing (AP) 
 Dose–One bottle being a full dose for a man   delicate females and youths of about fifteen years would take only two-thirds; children of 10 or 12  one half
 Her latest film Pati Patni Aur Woh deals with a man having an extramarital affair. 
 loading the wagons; Byram raged up and down under the bayonets of those bandits  cursing them as only a man who never swears can curse  invoking the Stars and Stripes  metaphorically placing himself  his company
 I choose my last name to be John because I was told that as an infant, I was found by a man name John and brought to the orphanage. 
 reported by Ahmad and Al-Haakim who classified it as Saheeh (sound)  and in a narration by Ahmad that Ubayy said: A man said: "O Messenger of Allaah, what do you think if I reserve all my prayers to you? 
 " A man around the same age as I am now came into my school and told me how amazing student life was. 
 I was a man of unblemished honor, undoubted valor. 
 This is a man who averages a goal every five games for Ghana, having netted 12 times in 51 international games. 
 The bigger one says to the smaller of the two "I''m sorry son, we can''t afford to keep buying you a man united shirt every year... 
 "If a union got in here, every benefit we''ve got could go on the negotiating table, every one of them," says a man identified as Russell, a veteran employee, in a video shown to new hires. 
 A man said: "Martyrdom is reserved for him; O Messenger of Allâh
 a man in Afghanistan who later died. 
 Last year, I was proud to establish the César E. Chávez National Monument in honor of an American hero, a man who reminded us that every life has value  that together
 a man 
 a man and the Soviet Politbureau. 
 U.S. military records of Guantanamo detainees indicate that a man with the same name and nationality was held at the Cuban prison. 
 It also shows a man is being forced by mob to chant "Jai Shree Ram''''. 
 However, when a man prefers to stick his equipment in the back-door of another man  for example
 A man in a flannel suit stood with his back to the fireplace. 
 The Governor, a man of noble character and great integrity in the performance of his civil  administrative and executive acts
 At one point, he stops to admire the work of a man who makes and sells bags that are adorned with pennies and bottle tabs. 
 My philosophy is be a man   hold up your hand and claim responsibilty
 the Dostoevskian moment in which Jeff discovered a man that "may very well be Jeff." 
 Two of us in the room ( a man 
 Ali Shaheed Muhammad just sits in a corner with the weary  resigned look of a man who''s heard this hundreds of times before. 
 This is a gritty and horrific depiction of a man 
 Many of us want to believe that this individual is a man who will do what it takes to keep the country veering in the right direction
 But as usual leave it to a man to whine about a situation like this. 
 You are arguing for lenient treatment of a rapist, as a man 
 He is a man who had a great deal 
 In the dining-room I discovered a man with the movements of a cat, quite unlike a soldier, and we began to talk of Germany''s internal and external position. 
 One day old account, I mean I''m a pretty staunch red pill taker but this feels written by a man . 
 Suddenly, a man wearing a suit and tie and carrying a Styrofoam to-go carton dashed past them. 
 Griffin''s target audience will have seen a man who''s views resound with their own shouted down
 he continued  "I hold in my hand  your honor  a book which is everywhere recognized as authority  and upon my honor as a man   and attorney-at-law  and with no desire to mislead the court
 written while in prison  Wilde wrote of Kropotkin that his was one of the two most perfect lives he had come across –" a man with a soul of that beautiful white Christ which seems coming out of Russia." 
 After Baker got into jail, Sheriff Goldsmith says, he made several appeals for aid to a man in Cowley, but so far has not been able to get any backing. 
 Also there is a funny instance from history – a man 
 Also, I do think that the fact that our new leader is a woman is interesting in the sense that the idea of a man leading a largely women''s trade union no longer sat well with nurses. 
 But it''s hard to find too much complaint with a man who attempts to gas David Irving in a radio studio. 
 It was a queer and unexpected change of life for such a man as Holland. 
 A man with pleasing manners respects the essay similarity percentage feelings
 The Reform School will make a man of him--give him the discipline that every boy needs to fix him for the battles of life. 
 I am not a man of the left
 No matter how great a woman may be, she is still a woman, no matter how incapable a man may be, he is still a man. 
 He was a man of excellent habits and a clear record for integrity. 
 Dr. Sloan thus fills an important place in this city, not merely as a man of energy in his profession and business or as a popular member of society
 St. Joseph has taught me what it is to be a husband, father and a man of faith. 
 She was accompanied by a man wearing suit and tie. 
 In a given situation, a man 
 A man may know the facts but not have them play the correct role in his calculation because  say
 equal to £5–15–10 1/2 hard Money  towards raising a Man for Class No. 7, I say Received in behalf of said Class pr. 
 How society defines a man should not determine your self worth. 
 a woman can rescue a man In any situation  a man can rescue a woman A woman can teach boys At the pool
 I started up an aisle as a man started from the opposite end. 
 "If There Was a Man  " one of the Pretenders songs (it''s in the closing credits)
 A full-scale search resumed at first light this morning for a man missing on Britain''s highest mountain. 
 The spectacle of watching a man of Struve''s size crumble upon himself is something a fight fan doesn''t often see. 
 Their simple lives are disrupted when they spot the body of a man in the water. 
 unique and accessible mode of public transportation was created by a man that goes by the name of Triyono and was designed for people with diffabilities. 
 A rock as large as a man fell and split into several pieces as it crashed down the mountain side. 
 Yesterday a man was injured on Aonach Eagach, about 2km from today''s incident. 
 A man from Davie has been convicted of sex trafficking and child pornography charges, according to the FBI. 
 The golf course photos are reminiscent of the photo out of Canada that went viral earlier this summer of a man cutting his grass while a tornado churned away in the background. 
 Why a Man Chooses One Woman over Another The ebook geheimlehre und numerologie of Countries your pulp was for at least 30 crafts
 A man who knows what''s what" when he heard Tim Kee''s statement. 
 I see an obituary in the Sunday Independent today for a man called Werner Lang. 
 Jyllands Posten  have since been the targets of terrorist attacks and as late as last year  a man broke into Westergaard''s home in Denmark and tried to kill him. 
 Not a man move! 
 however if faced with a man with a drawn gun please shoot with extreme prejudice 
 Whenever we think of farmers, we always tend to think of a man . 
 A man known as John Wick has gunned down a Boko Haram gang leader in Mamelodi, Pretoria. 
 Could my Landlady be referring to a man she has mistaken for a woman as his wife? 
 Several vessels, following the tract of the ocean, have sailed entirely round the world, as a man may march in a circle, and come round by the contrary side of the circle to the spot he set out from. 
 I remember thinking, ''sure, we can put a man on the moon, but we can''t find a way to get around here faster than 5 mph.'' 
 This is the ultimate objective test: If an entity speaks and acts like a man , presumably it is just as intelligent. 
 "Pay attention, bitches, today I''m going to show you how a little slut of a man from Earth took out one of our Special Forces units and a Colonel, without even breaking a sweat. 
 And now a man 
 I mean I suppose I''d be a little paranoid if I watched a man yell at my husband and fire him over a Reddit post but she aimed her anger at the wrong person. 
 in the case of a man whose career and genius lent themselves so insidiously to such a treatment
 Howard Alper is a man of boundless energy who''s committed to his cause. 
 But I suppose you''re right, if a woman really "loves" a man she''ll let him if he really wants it 
 Woman gets told her application will not progress further because they want a man . 
 I''d just like to say as a man that this is absolute bullshit. 
 You don''t have to apologise for rambling, or anything else to deal with such a man . 
 A man who spends $700 on flowers is a man who is ready to get married regardless of what his mom says. 
 Look deep inside and figure out why "a woman dying or being permanently disfigured" and " a man paying high bills" are equal to you. 
 In 1876, a man by the name of Saxby first discovered gold in the district. 
 • For worshiping idols, God declared that not one of his people would live, not a man , woman or child (not even babies in arms), again confuting assertions about the sanctity of life (Jeremiah 44:7-8). 
 Advising a man to prepare for close combat with a mental patient is a bad idea too. 
 Priest says: "Once a man 
 a man as Tanner speaking against such a work as this was enough to damage it seriously." 
 One shitty thing is that no one accuses a man of "oversharing." 
 John Stacy lived many years as an assistant minister and missionary and was a man of sterling character, lay leader and farmer. 
 I was intimately associated with him during the war and up to the time of his death, and always found him to be a man fearless in the discharge of duty, of strict integrity, and just to all men." 
 I was painfully impressed by the fact that a man 
 We want to send a man to Washington from the 15th Congressional District who''s going to make that possible – as far as it is within his power. 
 so they could mold me into a man who would obey instantly without question. 
 and is also a pioneer farmer and stockman  and an honored citizen  and  by reason of his business  is a man who is widely known. 
 Like the lachrymose Jules Favre, Ernest Picard, the Joe Miller of the Versailles Government, is a man forfeited to the Code pénal and the galleys. 
 we do not call this delusion; but if a man who has attained to a more advanced stage of thinking relapses into such a primitive habit of thought
 The deceased was a man of marvelous endowments, of fervent piety, and rooted and grounded in the doctrines of our Church. 
 Mr. Smart is a man whose sterling worth as well as his ability has brought him into prominence in this part of the county
 He has a most attractive store, with a stock that would be hard to beat in a much larger city, is a man who reads human nature and by his courtesy  tact and reputation for giving everyone a "square deal
 EDWARD L. ROLPH, M. D., physician and surgeon at Kimball, a man of wide professional experience  was born at Chautauqua Lake  New York  in 1859
 The soldiers impressed a man , a bystander, into the job of carrying the cross. 
 It is true that love will keep a man from ruining or harming his neighbor, but love goes further than that. 
 He will be a non-conformist, a Missouri mule -- a man whom no one can get along with. 
 A man who was often afraid
 I have long ago learned that when a man says to me  "I am only trying to serve the Lord in my own humble way
 At the Charlottesville event, a man alleged to have been a white nationalist intentionally drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters
 Fazio''s numerous colleagues remember a man who was totally dedicated to excellence and to the flourishing of his field. 
 The book he selected was written by a man named Julian Carax, and very well may be the last book in existence by Carax. 
 Did I mention she''s brainy, and very much doesn''t need a man in her life, and isn''t written so that she''s constantly talking about how she doesn''t need a man in her life? 
 In case a baseman hit a ringman ( a man in the ":soup"
 A man is understood best on his home turf. 
 Some folks thought it mighty funny a man still in his forties would give up his boat. 
 A man who gained worldwide fame as a member of the biggest
 A free country should never take something from a man simply because he refuses to give it up. 
 Its interesting that here is a man , defending the Constitution , he is not a parasite of the corporate state. 
 I never have read in our sastras that woman body is better to be a guru than a man body..? 
 Abrogating the covering of one''s hair, for a man or a woman  in the present time  in the name of feminism or some preemptive neo-messianic spirit
 Similarly, his collections of Luther indicate a man who was pursuing the path of the Reformation. 
 A man of many hats within the FGC
 Welles is deeply a man of the theater, a 2500 year old skilled profession, and has a "neighborhood grocery store" vision of himself. 
 Not bad for a man who had to resign twice. 
 June 20, 2007 - Murder suspect Harmon used plastic eating utensils to open jail cell, officials say News Herald A man charged with murder broke out of his maximum-security cell Monday night
 tries to buy a gun off a man who has ''hurt people,'' and moodily declares that there is ''nothing as lonely as / a crane not working.'' 
 To say, "A man''s gotta do what a man ''s gotta do" or  as God is said to have said  "I am that I am" may or may not be true
 Professor Benno Jacob points out a linguistic anomaly in the statement of Lot''s daughters: "And there is not a man on earth to consort with us"[10]. 
 His Colonel Briton is a man with a mission. 
 (7) Some ignorant individuals think you cannot be a man unless you kill. --- 7/16/2006 
 It was believed that forty lashes would kill a man . 
 On a tape addressed to the composer Leonard Bernstein with the intention of explaining his actions to a man he highly admires, he refers to himself as a grain of sand among many who are controlled by the powerful. 
 That film has an unusual encounter at a lunch counter, where a man is given a false statement on what he owns for lunch. 
 When you wish a man who isn''t there would go away, the last idea you want to entertain is that there are more like him. 
 However a knowledge of Esauv''s personality as indicated in Gn25-27 a skilful hunter, a man of the field suggests that Esauv preferred a good battle--theft--to a tranquil commercial act. 
 The railroad maintained a section crew at Knobview with a man named Frank Roberts in charge of the workers. 
 The chaplain, as a man of faith, has readied himself for all situations which may arise. 
 [ . . . and then this follow-up email received on January 8, 2014 : ] Some time ago I treated a man for prostate cancer . . . before this
 the lone painted white tile on the wall of Plaza de Puerta Cerrada which said  "Calle de Cuchilleros" and showing a man on his horse wielding several swords. 
 Why does a man return as he went? 
 a man who brought a nation to life with a twist of his pen. 
 As iron sharpens iron, So a man sharpens the countenance of his friend. 
 John 9:32 (NIV) "Nobody has ever heard of opening the eyes of a man born blind." 
 On Jan. 16, 1986, a man was taken out of the way. 
 I knew a man who was dining a cancer. 
 But since to Ostrovsky had a lifelong love and respoect for actors, it''s small wonder that Gennady is the play''s hero, a man who for all his actorly gambits always does the right thing. 
 One of the most surprising portraits from the D. C. Harries collection is of a man dressed in Native American costume, complete with a most elaborate chief''s head-dress (see below). 
 In the series of essays comprising this book Mr. du Bois [sic], himself a man of colour, deals pathetically and intelligently with what is not merely an American, but really a world-wide problem. 
 The Bible says, ''There is a way that seems right to a man , but its end is the way of death'' Proverbs 14:12. 
 When a man achieves an ability for direct knowing  of being able to perceive in a flash what must be done
 Over time, when things went missing around the village surrounding the Lord''s manor, someone invariably blamed a man of the village, saying it was one of them villains. 
 "I had procured a board and thought that I was all right for staying up, but there was a man beside me who could not swim
 Yesterday, we completed our long scheduled interview with a man who has had more to do with making it fun for humans to move about than any man alive today. 
 Author Paloma Pedrero skips the political side of events to focus on the personal side of the tragedy: a man by the name of Angel has died. 
 For a man River''s size, a healthy daily calorie intake is about 2,000. 
 he wrote a sad end to one of the sweetest good-luck stories of the ''60s  the life of a man who once was described as "crazy with optimism" by novelist Tom McGuane. 
 He was a man of God-consciousness who lived to uplift the world. 
 A real macho to me, is one who stands by his family both in times of need and in times of happiness, and a man his family can count on for support, and strength. 
 This is like a man with the last name of Zhou setting out to be the world''s greatest polka musician. 
 I''ve never been with a man ! 
 Although Mr. Locke is now a man of peace  he fought with the best at Port Royal  James Island  Cedar Mountain  White Sulpher Springs  Second Bull Run
 Canada  a report of the event led to a woman  Karamjit Kaur  writing to Ranjit Singh that he had honoured a man who had raped her. 
 The bodies of a man and woman were found in shallow graves last Sunday by Senior State Trooper J.A. McDougal
 A man wielding a weapon stole a wallet from two other men . 
 Billionaire Warren Buffet became his most trusted economic advisor, a man who was to invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs in the height of the economic meltdown. 
 A man returning from work Saturday spotted the blaze, with the house fully engulfed. 
 MAN SHOT IN STOMACH - An early morning shooting has left a man with a gunshot wound to the stomach in Huntington. 
 HUNTINGTON WOMAN MURDERED - Huntington Police have arrested and charged a man with the murder of a woman, Monday. 
 Let me give an example of a man I knew who was gruff. 
 He is a man that has worked hard to change his life for the better and accomplished those changes by being a hard worker
 The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling  the death of inspired response
 man claims A twisted Northwestern University professor accused of murdering his boyfriend in 2017 pulled a knife on a man he met on Grindr a year earlier while asking if he could pretend to stab him as they had sex, according to court testimony. 
 The 48-year-old woman was standing on the platform at 4:07 p.m. when she confronted a man who was publicly urinating on the tracks. 
 a man lying on the ground and yelling, according to police reports. 
 When a man speaks, there is his speech, voice, tone, pronunciation, accent, emphasis, thoughts, subtle thoughts, and so on. 
 If a man pull another''s nose  or offer him any other great personal indignity  and the other thereupon immediately kill him
 And for a man who seemed at so odds with Nashville''s staid worship of traditional Americana
 If a man and a woman agree to marry temporarily, their marriage should last for three nights ..." 
 as a man swung on the gibbet. 
 If the Leadership models the way a man can "duck and weave" under pressure  fails to consider the impact of his actions (or inactions) on others
 Film reveals the soul of a man unusually close all shame and a poetic portrait of a Finnish man. 
 I recently heard the story about a man who came into a coin shop, sold a bunch of old dental gold and drove away with his money... in a hearse. -Editor 
 I have neither the time nor the inclination to explain myself any further to a man who rises and sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom I once helped to provide. 
 it does make a lot of sense that a woman who were raised  more or less  on the fields of war would be interested in a man because of his skills in the same, so their rapport actually does have a lot of realism to it. 
 Where Laxmibai is standing boldly like a man among the other brave men. 
 Along the way we meet Nakata, a man who  wounded by a mysterious gas attack 66 years ago
 then his heart is a beneficent master to a man . 
 A woman tried luring a Staffie toward her but the dog would not leave his owner a man 
 As Paul says, this mystery is great–the idea of a man leaving his father and mother in order to be joined to his wife; but he refers not to fleshly man and woman
 I was distracted from my ponderings by a man trying to give me a flyer about a pizza place nearby. 
 Consequently he was a man of most extensive general information. 
 "So if you love a man ,you have two things to do. 
 he had learned in childhood "what is usually learned only by a man ." 
 In order to avoid marrying her foppish cousin, she tricks him into introducing her to a man he disdains, who turns out to be the handsome and charming Gerard. 
 A women struck him on the head with a sign, and a man spat on him and on a policeman. 
 We see the presence of a man who deems himself ''God'' and he was quite angry to say the least. 
 But a man is no more than he thinks he is. 
 in the middle ages the hill is to said to have a dragon living in a cave underneath  a man tricked the Wawel dragon into eating sulpher by stuffing animal skins with the chemical
 A man cannot be a compleat gentleman who is either a coward or a conciliator. 
 And what was Dumbledor but a man of Power and influence
 and having wonderful Christian friends  and a forum like this one  that I can enjoy life without a man in my life. 
 But he is also a man who (I think) can take the rougher  ruder side of barroom-level banter  which includes
 Getting the right fit for events and other occasions gives a man comfort and style. 
 That is why I am here, a friend advised me to register, to search for a man . 
 In the competition for work no employer is likely to take a man 
 A man of large schemes  altogether accordant with French interests  but not  unfortunately
 and afterwards take French leave  because my jeopardy came from a quarter and a man who was able to destroy me. 
 He said something along the lines of, " A man trips and you laugh at him before you help him? 
 What do I mean by a man of family?--O, I''ll give you a general idea of what I mean. 
 I want to have a man by my side who can love with every breath stronger, with whom my heart will stop and I will melt in his arms.... 
 The Louisville "Courier-Journal" went even higher in its praise:-- "If it is legitimate to measure a man by the magnitude of his achievements, the greatest man of the nineteenth century is dead. 
 In other words, a man who proposed intensive state-run surveillance now has the ear of the most powerful man in the free world. 
 A man who cared for his health and cared for his body, Chad loved the idea of taking a green supplement. 
 A man who wears a suit and no necktie just has no clue about how to dress and I question his judgement about other things. 
 But it offers an excellent opportunity for him to live up to expectations as a man of strategic action. 
 The british keyboard wizard, a man 
 "We want a man [says Proctor] who can serve as a catchy symbol, a man who can be manipulated by us." 
 On my version it starts with a man in a living room and the disk also had a rubbish word processor included. 
 Is it wrong for a man to cry? 
 A man after my own heart, having some wine while listening to tunes on vintage Pioneer gear during a wintery day. 
 The description of the man Pakistani forces say they have just arrested, however, matches that of a man killed in 2010 in Pakistan by a US drone attack. 
 I was just discussing the Collings accident with a man who flies another B-17. 
 "Farewell Gigi, a man of integrity  a great interpretor of the theatre  who synthesised and expressed society''s dynamics
 It was neither written by an apostle or a man who was even accepted by the mainstream Christian groups. 
 Written by a man , this op-ed isn''t that great of an example, since it''s talking about a book exploring the concept of toxic masculinity. 
 "I genuinely fear a man turning around one day & saying ''you wouldn''t have gotten there if it wasn''t for me''." 
 Soleimani was a man of honor, humble and decent. 
 The food company decided it would clap back after some serious shade was thrown by a man who complained about the dryness of Nando''s''buns. 
 If it is a man that dies, leaving a sister, but no child, she shall have half the inheritance. 
 For this reason the law calls a woman engaged to a man his wife, while conceding that she is still a virgin. 
 On the one hand, he is thought of as having evolved "from a man who journeys to Canaan with Abraham and Sarah to a man who leads a corrupt existence in Sodom where he no longer can be categorized as one of the righteous." 
 However, according to Kamionkowski, often when a man feels that his masculinity (that is  his honour) is threatened
 Officers were told a man was "acting violently and causing a disturbance." 
 In particular, Bruguiere told CSIS, watch for a man named Fateh Kamel." 
 However, a man must be able to demonstrate that he can live chastely for a significant period of time. 
 A witness told CTV News Vancouver a man that night was looking through a truck in the parkade. 
 former baseball commissioner Bart Giamatti  a man of letters who had been president of Yale University. 
 we can perhaps better understand now why the nation s number one sex symbol has been a man who excels at performing in public as a woman. of American women (54 percent) admitted to masturbation. 
 A man in civilian clothes made a speech. 
 They were approached by a man they didn''t recognize on the pool deck. 
 The documents have been linked to a man serving time–for fraud  for God''s sake–a fellow with a colorful history of criminality
 I just like a man in charge. 
 As a daily action, the Coach can make a Man 
 When I''ve known women to get involved with a man that is involved with another woman (or is playing the field)
 Despite the clearly extra-judicial conduct Obama, a man who when faced with an economic reality running precisely counter to his ideal, says not a word. 
 Officer Craig Bailey AKA "Bailey" is shocked at how much he wants a man who ghosts him at every turn. 
 The less testosterone a man produces, the more overweight he is. 
500 to resolve a lawsuit filed against McFarlane and another officer alleged to have beaten a man while on patrol. 
 In his remarks, however, Archbishop Sartain said that because "only the union of a man and woman can generate new life," no "other human relationship is its equivalent." 
 If you "hang around" for this edition of the Golden Year, you''ll meet a man who can do everything  go dancing with someone "wild " snap your fingers  meet a male "Chatty Cathy
 A man ''s got to do what''s right for him. 
 As they passed a huge garbage vat in Beniapukur (an area in Kolkata), a man with psychosocial disabilities in tattered clothes eating from the garbage pile, rooted them to the spot. 
 There was something pathetic about a man trying to raise a little girl all by himself! 
 Like I said, there are a million different reasons a man can tell you for why he cheated on you, and often the man himself will believe them. 
 All the essentials of living which can be required to produce living relaxed are possessed with a man . 
 For generations, when a scholar observed a medieval manuscript image of a man teaching students, that''s all it would be: a man teaching students, such as in this image here: 
 When raising a family gets tough, remember this sage advice from Charles Wadsworth: "By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he''s wrong." 
 Spike Lee helms this remake of Park Chan-wook''s grim tale of a man who seeks revenge against his mysterious captors, who held him imprisoned for 15 years. 
 there''s always more to learn that can turn her into a real ninja at deciphering the intentions of a man she spots across the room. 
 They''re afraid that the violence will escalate, so they''ve fled for safety," a man helping people in the internally displaced persons (IDPs) camps in Hakha Township told Khonumthung News. 
 Q. I''m a man and I''m confused about my sexuality with no idea how to confront it. 
 Be like a man looking for buried treasure! 
 though  since the second half of the quoted verse says  "...neither shall a man put on a woman''s garment...." 
 I would guess that this is behind some of the horrendous murder-suicides we hear of so often, where a man kills his whole family and then himself. 
 (Header image: A man walks past a cigarette vendor in Shanghai, May 31, 2013. 
 As a man interested in the LDS Church, History etc... 
 Abraham Wagener sold another acre along the west side of Main Street to a man named John F. Ellsworth. 
 As a young athlete who became a champion swimmer and wrestler, I learned of a man who did 1000 pushups a day. 
 We loved seeing a man who was a workaholic fall in love not once but twice throughout this story. 
 yes a man 
 An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made in a very narrow field. -Niels Bohr, physicist (1885-1962) 
 but where the system of co-chairing means that all positions of responsibility are shared between a man and a woman, as well as providing their own independent, all-female, organisations where necessary. 
 Be brave & tell him you don''t need a momma''s boy you need a man . 
 Or a man who is addicted to sex, drugs or alcohol. 
 The Bible mentions in the Old Testament about a man who is overrun with feelings that his spouse has cheated on him. 
 On the biblical side of the issue we find Don Osgood''s statement in What Makes a Man ? 
 Examples include challenging the public to set free a man 
 and ignore and drop them the next; a man whose appetite for material things appears to be insatiable; a man 
 He was a man with a strong history in leadership in Calbion and had served the Calbain population almost his entire life. 
 Mr. Reynolds was a man of progressive ideas and public spirit, upright in all things, and respected by the people of his native county. 
 I saw a Twilight Zone episode years ago about a man who was being punished by being marked. 
 Flirtation Act – An act based on flirtatious banter between a man and a woman, perhaps ending with a romantic song and dance. 
 You, as a man , can''t handle a slap? 
 It is a god that someone constructed and Jesus Christ is a man whose identity was stolen in an effort to assemble a god and bring that god to life. 
 Two years back I got married to a man who does not take any decision on his own but always depends on his mother for anything, however trivial the issue may be. 
 from the beginning I accepted her for who she is and what she does as a prostitute but it''s hard to me as a man , knowing she dates other men for money I mean i do love her and she says she does ... 
 As we stood in the lobby talking to Mr. Ottensooser, the manager, a man came up to me with a parcel and asked if I was Dr. Puharich. 
 The entire student body had woken up, shocked, to find the unrecognisable corpse of a man lying on the grass, along one of the sidewalks. 
 a man who shows no interest in politics is a man who minds his own business; we say that he has no business here at all." 
 India - 20 hours ago In yet another case of brazen road rage  a group of drunks on motorcycles pulled a man out of his car, thrashed him mercilessly and threatened to throw him ... 
 Now, if you want to please a man , here is relationship advice from the man''s point of view. 
 DOVER, Delaware - Police discovered the body of a man being eating by 7 flesh-eating lizards in his apartment. 
 or he thought this too cheap  too plain  too common a thing for so great a man to be cured by  or he did not believe it would at all effect the cure  or  if it would
 True, he''s the biggest, but he is a man . 
 New York - Peeking inside a 5-inch mortar tube after an aerial bomb failed to launch properly proved deadly for a man during a neighborhood party. 
 As a kind and accomodating neighbor, a public-spirited citizen and a man of strict integrity, the deceased possessed the friendship and high regard of all who knew him. 
 Unable to thank him personally, I express here my deepest gratitude to the late Jarl Bengtsson, a man whose commitment to his profession shone from his eyes when talking about (recurrent) education. 
 and this summons of his 21 went out all through the confines of Israel; all Baal''s worshippers came in answer to it  not a man was left behind. 
 The Latin version treats the words ''son of a man 
 Q. A man 
 Thou saidst, I have crowned you a warrior king, chosen out among the common folk a man 
 Would developing the deep confidence within help you be a man for all seasons rather than one who merely wears a mantle of a confidence built externally? 
 When, too, a man does that which is right  his mind is gladdened  and his conscience at ease
 a man ". 
 a Man 
 It seems to be a man   but where his feet should be  the body dwindles off into a wisp
 God''s statutes were as familiar to him as the songs which a man is accustomed to sing; and he conversed with them in his pilgrimage-solitudes. 
 "He''s a man and I''m a girl!" 
 Sellers plays Chance as a man at peace with himself. 
 This was a sci – fi fantasy short film about a man slipping into his subconscious mind and living in a reflected dream world. 
 For it is good for a man so to be. 
 This is he of whom I said: After me there cometh a man   who is preferred before me: because he was before me. . .that he may be made manifest in Israel
 The mere fact of a man having matriculated at certain colleges stamps him as possessed of more than average attainments
 Or maybe they would be glad to see a man who was an outcast now all clean and ready to be a productive part of their society. 
 A man will not attain the perfection when he  as a devoted person  simply tries to escape from the rest of his material duties
 I grew to like Hull, despite his faults and weaknesses, and the author creates a realistic portrayal of a man who is no hero but in the end decides to do the right thing. 
 and in Mexico  where he attracted attention for aiding a man suspected of conspiring to assassinate Leon Trotsky–and his short-lived service as a Chilean senator. 
 Supposedly the original owner was a man named Laje, which is a Portuguese word for "stone" [actually "flagstone"] and ita means "stone" in Tupi. 
 Patrick Cooke is a man with a strong love of the waterfront and the maritime community. 
 Meanwhile, on a nearby lakeshore, the headless body of a teenage boy is found by a man walking his dog. 
 Capt. Daniel McDowell, a Scotchman by birth, a soldier of the Revolution, and a man of indomitable perseverance and education
 I''m on a dating site and have had a man message me saying "Hey how are you going :)" and "Your super cute, love to know more about yourself!? 
 On a White House tape, secretly recorded on November 2nd 1968, LBJ denounces Richard Nixon as a traitor, a man with blood on his hands. 
 Q: What do Lifesavers do that a man can''t? 
 Writing about this reminds me of the Coen Brothers film ''The Hudsucker Proxy''; a film about a man with a beautifully simple design, and his quest and passion to get it to market. 
 Be a man   stand up for yourself  take off your mask at a mic  show your face when you speak  have dignity  and if anyone objects
 Alice married a man named Sylvester Eli Cleveland, and lived in Rockford IL. 
 With sideburns long, and a wavy black hair-do, there stood a man who would shock the world. 
 O heart hardened, to wish to kill a Man that did raise the dead! 
 A man 
 we cannot permit that fact to blind us to his essential reality as a man , husband and father. 
 Anything, Anything Dramarama I''m the Playboy The Pyramids (happy bday Hugh Hefner) Playboy to a Man 
 "Well," replied the manager, "you really want to go to Vancouver and I have nothing in that direction, but I have a man who wants a new De Soto. 
 a man not only loved by his people  but capable of governing such a huge kingdom well  a man with initiative and new ideas. 
 Lester was involved in a court case (civil case) vs. a man named Haggin, but the case was dropped in February 1880 (reasons unknown). 
 perhaps these two chapters will help you see the action-figure side of Abraham -- and a man firmly committed to righteousness. 
 but the whole thing  being fancied by a man , foreplay and the feeling that your body just wanted to submit to his. 
 A man with a sincere religious nature  he was true to his religious beliefs in his dealings with others
 SAN FRANCISCO (CNS) -- In the annals of parish potlucks, there probably have been few held in honor of a man on his way to federal prison. 
 This is sexual rebellion on the order of the male effeminacy that Scripture tells us disbars a man from... 
 Portly 16th-century, six-time-wed Tudor monarch Henry VIII was reputed as a man of outsized appetites... a gastronome of the first order
 Florida  Mayor Randy Henderson included a metal structure by sculptor Edugardo Carmona of a man walking a dog, with the dog "lifting his leg" beside a pole. 
 I was no longer a man . 
 "But attractive as a man ? 
 When a man 
 Dominance = Then... a man in a woman: 1. 
 He and an accomplice knocked down and robbed a man on the street, but the man had managed to stab Hicks before the pair fled. 
 Mr. Gregg was a man of sterling integrity and had been a professing Christian for 25 years
 Then in teh morning I went to Wellington and I told a man that I wished a stage to go to Cheyenne Agency
 a man ; therefore  be it Resolved  That we deplore the loss of Brother Bosard  and with deep feeling of regret
 And like Will Rogers, "I never yet met a man that I didn''t like." 
 He was a brave soldier, a jolly comrade and a faithful friend, always kind-hearted, a man of the utmost integrity and respected by all who knew him. 
 Not a man you''d want to make friends with or even spend time with. 
 Satanism is always childish, and is proud of itself because it doesn''t know enough to be a man . 
 Mr. Edwards was a native of Wales, and was a man over 60 years of age. 
 In the world of photo doctors, a man replaced in an image could be replaced by another person with similar clothes. 
 So should Dean Logan, if he''s a man . 
 It will lose us probably, Capt. Rains; a man distinguished for his scientific attainments  patriotism and virtue; whose active exertions in Florida
 He got a direct hit on a man , blew him all to pieces. 
 For I am a man , trustworthy, Hard working and intelligent. 
 He groped close to a man carrying a poorly founded hurricane lamp. 
 The competition featured four teams representing different geographical regions, each consisting of a lady, a man , and a pair team, competing against each other. 
 But, Mr. was the boss and Rudolph was a man under authority. 
 There comes a time when such a man finally looks back, only to be confronted by his own wilder tracks. 
 a man . 
 My advice is step up be a man and take care of your responsibilities. 
 Assaam bin Mustaliq was a man from Damascus who used to be a staunch enemy of the Ahlul Bayt (a.s.), particularly of Imam Ali bin Abi Talib (a.s.). 
 The Peace Corps was merely an idea when President Kennedy proposed it, as was putting " a man on the moon." 
 She even wore her hair like a man , with crisp part over her left temple. 
 At the last moment, before the train departed, a man dashed aboard the carriage. 
 While stabbing a man in the back did not strike Jarco as a very brave act, it did seem to be a necessary act. 
 a man , a lawyer who has unresolved personal issues. 
 Finally, we need a man that is willing to lead. 
 If a man has been raped or penis whipped
 My wife and I happened to sit behind a family (we think) of four: a man , two women, and a young boy who honestly couldn''t have been much older than two. 
 A man stumbles out of the door onto the front porch; a woman is seen following behind him. 
 But Mama I''m not a girl I''m still a man . 
 The first time I never took him for a man . 
 They had their notebooks open and their pens poised, obviously looking forward to hearing from a man they follow closely online. 
 Should a man give up his seat on a bus to a woman? ... This is nothing more than Gentleman 101. 
 The cartoon featured a man who was holding a set of blueprints while watching an airplane explode. 1Ammer, Christine. 
 and the all-time favorite – "am I a butterfly dreaming I am a man or a man dreaming I am a butterfly?" 
 Judging by things around here I''m sure that she is a one-lover woman, and that lover happens to be a man . 
 It''s about a father and his son, a man and his little boy. 
 a man armed with a samurai sword and pistol ran amok, killing one person and severely wounding others. 
 I want him to love our childs name as well, he''s to good of a man /father/husband for me not to consider him when giving this guy a name. 
 He had not taken Darcy to be a Man who could accept his error. 
 It''s a sort of give a man a fish or teach a man how to fish kind of thing. 
 Meanwhile, a man who was held for four months over a $5 robbery died in his jail cell. 
 The idea that a creator of such a universe would be interested in the smell of burning goat flesh, or whether or not a man picks up sticks on a Sunday
 Just seen on Yahoo News, on Friday the 13th around 7.30 AM, a man 
 without knowing whether popery was a man or a horse" 
 a man and a woman in a Wayne County mobile home on New Year''s Day. 
 Less than 48 hours later, police said Johnson killed a man and wounded a 14-year-old girl. 
 STRANGER: Where, then, is a man to look for help who would have any clear or fixed notion of being in his mind? 
 not only that a man so supremely alive should be dead  but also because such people – Our Man  in Packer''s title
 I always assumed it was because girls were less of a threat, not as protective over mom, or that sons remind a man too much of the biological father? 
 such as video games  sporting events  and an infinite offering of meaningless television programs and movies  but a man rejects such opportunities as irrelevant, leaving them to people resigned to being the spectators of life. 
 From a man . 
 about prostitution; and The Coast Guard (2002) about the guilt of a man involved in an accidental shooting. 
 Prince Harry could take the easy way out like Bush did, but chooses to be a man of honor. 
 As the Prophet said, "Such a man can be likened to a tied-up horse which can go only as far as its rope permits: in that way, he cannot transgress." 
 It was wealth that got a man into the Senate, not selfless public service''. 
 Of the many quotes that I jotted in my notebook, the one that stands out is from a man .... 
 There isn''t a doctor on earth who would believe that I was a man after a gynecological inspection and all of the blood work they could think up. 
 Einstein said, "Try not to become a man of success, but try to become a man of value," but then Einstein hadn''t been born yet. 
 As his aides executed his order, the commander expressed his regret that a man like Premnarayan would betray the Maoists. 
 knowing that he was disconcerted  said: Take courage  Cleinias  and answer like a man whichever you think; for my belief is that you will derive the greatest benefit from their questions. 
 She''s a woman who values monogamy and commitment; Jack was a man who jumped from affair to affair without thought of the hearts he trampled in his wake. 
 SOCRATES: Well, may not a man ''possess'' and yet not ''have'' knowledge in the sense of which I am speaking? 
 His over-investment in his crooked business associate originates in a conscientious wish to make amends to a man who has convinced Lapham that Lapham has wronged him. 
 the thrill of my being able  in this disguise  to provoke this reaction in a man , and an attractive one at that, as a confirmation of my own femininity, was delightfully intoxicating. 
 He''s a man who can do all those things, but behind the scenes he has a myriad of talents he could use, depending on the situation." 
 Russell, too, mourns the loss of a man who has disappeared within the fire and ash from hell  and remembers his friend Washington
 Then ol'' Burty Russell chimes in; "It does not occur to Nietzsche as possible that a man should genuinely feel universal love  obviously because he himself feels almost universal hatred and fear
 You''re minding your own business when - out of nowhere - a man you''ve never met puts his hands on your wheelchair. 
 While she searches D.C. for people she wants to interview, she ends up on the scene when a man is shot to death. 
 It is very difficult to explain to an Iraqi that a man fighting from his own town with a Kalashnikov or RPG launcher is a "coward" and a "war criminal" (because  apparently
 "We do this because a woman is more valuable than a man . 
 the ad shows a man choking on a meatball who tries to get help via 911. 
 I will always remember fondly when a man stepped forward who said he had never done "this" before  which either meant reading in public  or at an open mic
 a man lyue. 
 but as the dragon wars ended with the annihilation of the wyrms centuries ago  they must settle for Lancot  a man who is all talk and no action. 
 A few years ago, we saw a picture in an engineering magazine of a man welding what appeared to be a life-size elephant. 
 Smash a man to atoms if they got him caught. 
 I was letting the man''s side down, I felt in some vague way that I was being less than a man ! 
 He was a man without whom you may not be reading this piece by means of computer technology. 
 How can a man running for President of the United States be so dumb! 
 A man grows tired of his open-plan office and builds a fort made of stationery. 
 After Fonda finally split with Vadim, she swore she''d never live with a man again. 
 What would anyone think when they see a man who wears make-up?" 
 Thirty-three year old Koman Willis, a man with documented gang ties, shot the baby as she sat on her father''s lap in his parked vehicle. 
 As a man , Chris was blah, but as a woman he was stunning. 
 ROCHESTER HILLS – A man 
 When a man gives alms to others  he should do so in the knowledge that they have a rightful share in his wealth
 Come out and face me like a man !" 
 despite all the times I railed against the unfairness of the world toward my. .. *our* gender  I would not be a man for anything." 
 Yet despite all of this, God the Son came to earth as a man with our weaknesses to die a death for our sins and be the sacrifice for our lives. 
 He was a man of considerable business enterprise, a farmer, a tanner and a shoemaker. 
 I was no more like a man than they were and they were delighted and complimented by the fact that I so obviously wanted to be like them. 
 " A man can manage without hair; A man scores always, everywhere. 
 He was a man who in all things classified without nuance
 CHRISTMAS SHOPPING FOR a man doesn''t have to be limited to buying socks and ties – although there is absolutely nothing wrong with either. 
 a man 
 One afternoon, as she and her grandmother return from town, they come across a man lying injured and unconscious by the river bank. 
 The startling footage shows a shadow resembling a man standing motionless for about 20 seconds before it begins to move, then it quickly disappears. 
 The song is a portrait of a man who is ankles deep in the past  unable to move on: "I didn''t think  after twenty years
 Lord Glistonbury and his new friend, Secretary ----, who was a man of wit as well as a politician, rallied Vivian upon his gravity and upon his evident depression of spirits. 
 Girls as young as eight will never sleep well again or be able to have a normal relationship with a man because of this issue. 
 Coughlin is described as a man "Who courageously denounced the bankers'' debt-money system." 
 When a man is engaged in mass-communication  public relations  advocacy and counselling
 A man who starves to death for love  a woman who claims she used to be a lamprey eel
 A man with such a vision can never, I repeat, never say such a thing as claimed by my fellow compatriot contributor. 
 I realized that this was a man who took his religious faith seriously and had made the effort to educate himself in it
 I met a man the first time, who did not put any moves on me nor did he know I would return. 
 noun: clotheshorse 1. a framework on which to hang clothes as for drying 2. a man who is much concerned with his dress and appearance [syn: dandy  dude  fop  gallant  sheik  beau  swell
 "Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought"– Henri-Louis Bergson 
 back in Afghanistan  selling her as a bride to a man she doesn''t know, so they have enough money for her brother to pay for his bride in return. 
 As Alan, Hanks is believable as a man 
 A man 
 If evil were to be found in such a man , then there was no good anywhere. 
 i just wanna have my man be a man   have a mind of his own
 Thereupon the headmaster, a man liberal with his cash
 If I see a stump, I took it for a man ; if I trod on a stick and broke it  it made me feel like a person had cut one of my breaths in two and I only got half
 A man more in touch with facts than Hilary would have had some mental pigeonhole into which to put an incident like this; but
 He made an impression as Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk in A Man for All Seasons (1966)  co-starred with Michael Caine in the war movie Play Dirty
 Just as he rounded the upper end of Chancery Lane, a man walking rapidly struck against him, whirled him aside, and hurried on. 
 and gone and married a man who reason and instinct both tell him is a decided blighter. 
 Before we catch up to him on this outing along the Iron River, a highway accident sends a man flying into the sand and yucca on the American side of the Mexican border, hit by a spiraling Mercury with Baja plates. 
 We also see Hood as a man who is very attractive to beautiful women (not for the first time) and having to decide which of three  or so
 In short order, Havens, a man with the social astuteness of a prison guard  is finally enjoying the income level of his wildest dreams and
 They have more access to "free" legal services, they can accuse a man with what ever they want to get what they want and are believed iwthout question. 
 Adam (Dwier Brown) is a man suffering from an existential crisis so big that "even the Germans don''t have a word for it". 
 For a man whose trade was to keep people alive
 Never let a man degrade you in such a way. 
 First of all, it''s hard not to question the story of a man who sells maggots as his day job. 
 CONNIE [Who speaks rather thickly, as if she had a permanent slight cold] Please, Mr. Strangway, ''tis a man what goes to church. 
 but it''s not exactly strict–a recent bout between a 132-pound fighter and a man roughly twice his heft ended in a surprise draw. 
 and also C. Volusenus  a tribune of the soldiers  a man of great skill and valour  hasten to Galba  and assure him that the only hope of safety lay in making a sally
 With incredible difficulty I got first a gig, then a man to drive it; and, last, a pony to draw it. 
 Here was a man who was building himself a yacht with a model dairy and bakery on board, and a French laundry and a brass band. 
 Huddled on the floor of the closet was the body of a man . 
 You are also unfitted in soul: you want and you need to like many people, and a man of that sort ought not to marry. 
 Both of the fugitives were standing, listening with much anxiety, when a man   armed with a musket  was seen stealing towards them  under the shelter of the cedar bushes
 How could she expect me, a man   after all  of some experience  to believe such lies  which  not half an hour before
 Are we women so hard up for anyone to tell us that we need a man to tell us that we are beautiful and lovable that we would even consider a convicted felon? 
 Almost at once I started to get letters from a man from California, from Alan. 
 "In the madhouse at Seville there was a man whom his relations had placed there as being out of his mind. 
 Because of this, proper and sufficient production of sperm is greatly hampered, rendering a man impotent. 
 Sooner or later you''ll meet a man who loves you for your mind as well as your body, a man who excites you in the same way
 Her father was a man of good family, an official, and she was an attendant at a fashionable school. 
 A man his age is too set in his ways to be that pliable or dependable after you''ve separated. 
 If a man sincerely believes in the Sermon on the Mount
 (3) An offering is made as an expression of religious honor to a man . 
 A man is shown holding a sheet of THC concentrate known as shatter.'' 
 And they shot him in the head and he was killed by a man named Harley Cave. 
 The law of the living is, that a man shall be upright and down-right, and the law of the dead is, that a man shall be east and west. 
 There was a man lighting a pipe. 
 I have been in constant contact daily now with my ex husband and also sometimes a few times a week with a man I have always wanted to be with that lives near me and I work with daily. 
 It is not uncommon to find a man win easily in the World, draw in the American, and be badly beaten in the Evening Mail. 
 It is very curious to me that a man who consistently preached to be liberated from legalism would appeal to the law. 
 Saperlotte! a second clerk is already a man of weight, and shouldn''t gamble on notes, or go beyond a certain limit in anything. 
 When a man fails, he is dishonored; but when he merely liquidates, he remains an honest man." 
 yet  as some folks never can get it to rise  I don''t see why a man may not be a baker. 
 I saw a man struggling on the tree, and I went to cut him down out of mere humanity. 
 A woman can manage a man best when he has a fit of obstinacy, and a man can persuade a woman out of her tantrums, when all her own sex, the whole army of them, would fail. 
 too  in the queer business of Prothero how strongly jealousy  how strongly the sense of proprietorship  weighs with a man . . . . 
 In an interview Thursday, he spoke of a life-changing event in which he felt the soul of a man "go through my body." 
 Blizzard has already stated that there''s a man behind the orc, and that fans can probably have a good guess at who it might be. 
 It was about a man "--he spoke slowly, as if searching for words and parallels --"well, I guess he was one of the early savages here. 
 When one finds a man whose idle life has generated in him the curiosity which is usually called feminine
 At least between me and Pharaoh, crouched upon the ground, was the figure of a man wrapped in a beggar''s cloak. 
 If a man cheats on a women to be with you, he''ll most likely cheat on you to be with another women. 
 "Today, following a radio interview in which I was asked about the Boylan angle, I was contacted at my Dáil office by a man who said he was the Kieran Boylan in question," Adams commented in the Dáil this evening. 
 There is a drawing force that automatically draws a woman to a man . 
 we shouldn''t make peace with high rates of unwed childbearing just because the birth of a child gets the attention of a man . 
 A man , who turned out to be Lee, climbed from the wagon to the top of the security fence and shouted towards the sky. 
 "Why, to say truth," said Hero, never yet saw a man , how wise soever, or noble, young, or rarely featured, but she would dispraise him." 
 "A reckless gambler is a man whose conduct cannot be relied on. 
 RE: BUILD A MAN by Talli Roland - kaska - 06 Mar 2012 08:40 PM That''s brilliant Talli! 
 I have heard that, when a man is drowning
 Sapt told me afterwards that he killed a man , and I believe him; but I saw no more of him. 
 Yet, it seems like a man who spent 36 years in the Senate  reasoning and compromising with those who saw the world differently
 However desirable it might have been thought to execute in England a man so deeply implicated in the Rye House Plot, the state of Rumbold''s health made such a project impracticable. 
 Hence, say a man (20) and woman (30) meet and start dating. 
 a powerful politician  or the head pastor of a megachurch with the "essence" of a woman (or a man , as the case may be...) to serve as blackmail material. 
 But we''ve got some pieces of a man we want to leave with you." 
 He did not look at her as a man looks who has made a pretty speech. 
 In the first place, a man in his unconcealable physical condition had no right to be out of his bed. 
 But was I acting as a man of honour? 
 I like not that word ''guess'' in the mouth of a man of science. 
 One would think that frequent encounters with police at checkpoints and border patrols might wear a man down. 
 You can get a man you feel would be hard to get just as easily as a man who you feel is easy to get. 
 Why is it ok for a man to take the risk of rejection and not the woman? 
 Not stopping from that, if you''re a man of business, then this game is for you. 
 A man was praying before the altar. 
 In Think Like A Man   adapted from Steve Harvey''s book "Act Like A Lady  Think Like A Man"
 As a man who has been cheated on im now very weary of suspicious behaviour if he has had problems in the past he might be too. 
 Is it posbbile for a man to not stay hard cuz I''m too wet???? 
 a man even someones husband! 
 I want to bring you the comfort in knowing, that he says these things; because he knows as a man and a husband, he has failed you in every-way possible. 
 Years afterwards, a man stopped my father on a street in downtown Detroit and said, "Mr. Levine, Mr. Levine, don''t you remember me?" 
 I had to become a man at the age of 16. 
 Then a man who seemed to be waiting for us, advanced and said, ''It is here.'' 
 Walking into a small village might introduce you to a man missing his family sword, a girl searching for her missing father, and guards searching for a mysterious woman. 
 and like you I am feeling like a fool for trying so hard to hold onto a man that didn''t want to be held on to but there''s 2 quotes I try to keep in mind
 Show him whos boss by goin out and having a good time, someone one hundred times more of a man will come along and whisk you off your feet. 
 please dont throw away your own stability to be with a man who wont compromise for you. 
00 plus £85 costs and £50 towards victim services after assaulting a woman by beating and assaulting a man by beating in Hemel Hempstead on June 20. 
 To a man   while it often is viewed as an act of love and meaning
 Prosecutors in Maryland are employing a federal anti-stalking law to charge a man 
 Ever since, visitors to Lighthouse Park have reported encountering the #spirit of a man who appears to be carrying a lantern standing on the lighthouse''s upper deck. 
 A man who has not gone past this stage never matures emotionally. 
 Unfortunately I didnt have a man in my life that seems to be as wonderful and understanding as yours! 
 I knew a man once that told his wife that the reason he had condemns was for masturbating
 An American girl would cross the seas, and come here alone with him - a man and human. 
 For a man who spent his formative years and the better part of his professional life in Kenema District
 The above quoted words come from no less a man 
--may all by incessant effort be acquired as a trade  by a man of talent and much reading  who  as I once before observed
 Have you thought about connecting to a man besides physically? 
 Then if one of his audience, not having money, remarks that a man may have made up his mind to do without money because he prefers something else  Mixtus is with him immediately
 "Certes, and think him a man of intelligence, and even a man of heart; although he did bring about the death of our dear friends, Lyodot and D''Eymeris." 
 "Clairvoyant" is the tale of a man beset by demons  a singularity of senses torn to tatters by pugnacious persecutors
 Now, having said that, a man should never lay a finger on you or treat you like you don''t have feelings. 
 "Ah, sir," said Caderousse with a sigh, "it is easy to perceive I am not a rich man; but in this world a man does not thrive the better for being honest." 
 Unfortunately I have never seen one, although I do know a man who once owned one. 
 (used as a polite term) a man : Do you know that gentleman over there? 3. gentlemen  (used as a form of address): Gentlemen
 The story focuses on Andre, a man whom the audience initially believes is a retired dancer who lives with his married daughter Anne. 
 you''re right, men and women can be different. but it''s not always a man vs. woman thing. i  myself  tend to rebound when i''m hurt the most. not because i don''t/didn''t care about my ex
 but it is really Kent who comes out of this as a man with a strong sense of morality and duty, as it should be, trying to save his King as best he can from his own foolishness. 
 Be a MAN , not a high school boy. 
 The DVD is the story of a man driven to succeed in an industry that has almost always been about aesthetics
 Overflow incontinence occurs when a man has the urge to urinate but can only pass small amounts of urine each time. 
 The rerecord count and time is also incorrect. _________________ Build a man a fire, warm him for a day, Set a man on fire, warm him for the rest of his life. 
 The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence." 
 She informed me last fall that she had a man living with her for 2 months. 
 Always being jealous over a man will make him feel he may as well cheat; if he''s expected to, and treated like he will anyway. 
 Quotes \ Authors \ William Barclay \ If a man fights his way through his doub... 
 Open Prompt Essay #1: Things Fall Apart 2003, Form B. But when a man leaves those comforts for too long
 (Put more eloquently, a man should assume a lack of consent unless explicitly given
 For the past six months, a man from some kibbutz has been coming about twice a week to help us and bring us groceries. 
 It''s thera-pop at its best, telling the classic story arc of a man who has lost and now is found. 
 and which I can''t avoid as I turn my hand to attempting to write about the work of a man without whom my own band would likely not exist (and I realise that''s an incredibly lame thing to say
 After Great Balls of Fire, there will be only one question, is Bray a man or just a coward? 
 But where is the merit of being bold, to a man that is secure of impunity to his person, and is past apprehension of anything else? 
 But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves." 
 He is imbecile, people say; no, he is a child in prosperity, a man in disaster, more of a man than we who complain; he says nothing  and while people are killing  he is sowing
 And then The Five Doctors happened and, well, five Doctors didn''t really get together in the end, but three Doctors and a man in a wig and some clips of Tom Baker all got together, and that was exciting enough. 
 He say that he is being defined as a man who can''t beat KUSHIDA. 
 The entire soundtrack from Mulan is amazing, but "Be a Man " is probably my favorite. 
 He evolved from the shy twenty-something year old Filipino-Chinese lad to a man in his 7th decade giving a Ted talk after teaching visually impaired kids how to shoot. 
 a man of the falsity of his opinion when his livelihood is dependent on believing it. 
 which at the time seemed like the only permissible way for a woman (or in this case  a man wearing what were ostensibly women''s clothes) to make appearance-related jokes. 
 The contiguous town Rohillanwali in the Muzaffargarh district has seen a horrific and dastardly event on Friday as a man , barely mid-30s, has shot dead his mother and sister. 
 "It talks about accomplished women being able to take care of themselves when a man ''hits'' on them," he observes. 
 He was the last of a dying breed, a man filled with honor, love and respect for a fellow human being. 
 The case in the Court of Appeal involved a man who had received police warnings at the age of 11. 
 Last month, on Flag Day, Tuli was picked up by police near the Fagatogo Marketplace for allegedly assaulting a man . 
 The Owings Mills campus was locked down for more than two hours Monday after someone reported a man with a gun. 
 According to Q13 Fox, Washington State Patrol Trooper Ryan Burke reported that a man was caught setting a fire in the brush. 
 It is clearly a book written by a man who is greatly disillusioned by life and art. 
 that he is perceived as a populist  a man of the people, a deputy''s sheriff, not belonging to the Club. 
 It is this fear that drives a man desperate. 
 Note how a man called Vishnu (Sagar Surya) speaks of his people''s suffering due to reservations. 
 A single body evokes the relentless tussle between the ego of a father and the fragility of a man . 
 I turn around to look at the cause of this uncharacteristic behaviour and see that it is a man wearing a red suit and fake white beard. 
 Apparently England wanted a piece of the pie on analyzing why professional black women can''t find a man . *rolls eyes* First thought, not another single black woman story. 
 and a man turned around in front of us and said he agreed! 
 a man 
 "Bunbury owed much during his lifetime to the charm of a genial nature, and to his position as a man of family and education. 
 Naya wasn''t about to let a man whose behavior was as suspicious as Peter''s sit in on their meeting to discuss the next operational procedures
 there was a man , Simeon by name, a good man, a man who lived in the prayerful expectancy of help for Israel. 
 49John spoke up, "Master, we saw a man using your name to expel demons and we stopped him because he wasn''t of our group." 
 which has a storyline about a man dressed as Spider-Man. 
 Imagine a man drives by and offers her a ride. 
 the alumni/alumna officially known not as graduates but as "Poets" [factoid!]; for example  Bart Starr [ a man so square as to once fine a Green Bay Packer defensive end $1
 With his mother''s permission, I reproduce ten of his drawings here, as a memorial to a man who whose needless death was attributable to the very worst of the UK university system. 
 when Gawker published a report stating that its reporter had been to Toronto  talked to a man who purportedly filmed Ford smoking crack cocaine and is looking to sell the footage to a news outlet. 
 Biblically, a man or woman is identified with their spirit in the sense of their mind or way of life. 
 This prophecy has several descriptions of a man who has to suffer greatly in order for salvation to be attained. 
 Flyer is taped up next to an ad for a man with a van, and a flyer for a craft fair at a middle school. 
 Stavrogin is portrayed as a man of strength without direction, capable of goodness and nobility. 
 ● He who says to a man : O criminal, he shall be beaten twenty-five lashes. 
 But Robie is now a stranger to his hometown, an outsider, a man who has forsaken his past and his family. 
 and this is what makes a man 
 so it''s up to us to put him over the top and select a man who can make mincemeat of the Democratic nominee in a debate. 
 a man 
 D from New York, NyBono said this song is about a man calling from hell on a pay phone about all of the things he''s learned: "Hey I gotta go, yeah I''m running out of change . . ." 
 A man in a matching bunny suit stood behind the woman, videotaping the process. 
 Sarah Bakewell offers readers a portrait of a man clearly ahead of his time. 
 What looked like a promising piece of Asian film ended up being a worse choice than the raw puffer fish (carved by a man with eyesight problems). 
 We have shown (in Digression 6) Job to have been a man who allowed himself to be too far influenced by the Judaist-type philosophy of the friends
 Jesus once encountered a man with a contagious skin disease who told him, "If thou wilt, thou canst make me clean." 
 Creon, thou always wert a man of cats! > I''m weary of Teiresias and thou both. > I''ll buy another mutt, a mix of breeds, > And name it Wayne or Fido. 
 Around 12:15 a.m., transit police arrived at the Orange Line track at State Street Station to see a man was hit by a subway train, according to officials. 
 Listen to Blue Blazes, and know that the man you are hearing is a man with a mission. 
 Now you stand outlined in the doorway – a man as large as I left– and with bated breath I take a step into the accusing light. 
 which suggests that  if a man dresses as a woman, he must be effeminate, ergo gay, poof, queer or whatever the terminology for the time. 
 And there was one example that undoubtedly marked it as the work of a man ; it was the imprint of a hand  outlined in red
 Between the two beds, a man stood holding his wrists like the Escher print of hands drawing themselves. 
 Rita admits she doesn''t know what she wants from a man but, damn it, we all want her to get it. 
 Tell him you''ve decided to start a new life as a man and that you''re already half-way through the process. 
 For those who are unaware Dorian Gray is the story of a man who''s soul becomes trapped inside his painted portrait. 
 "This year Grand Bahama will break one million for sure," said Tourism Minister Obie Wilchcombe, a man intent on making The Bahamas the world''s premier holiday destination. 
 Aristotle was a man of observational truth – in other words, a man of science. 
 a man is denying Christ; to be " sound in the faith" is to tell the truth and not be lazy nor gluttonous (Tit. 1:13,16). 
 It was like killing a man , a conscious, brave man, who looked calmly into your gun as much as to say, "Who''s afraid?" 
 with not a penny of capital but their determination to get on  which  in my opinion  is the best capital a man can have. 
 But a man 
 Then, like a man who did not mince his words, he said: 
 There was a man who wrote books, I forget his name, in the yacht Casco. 
 According to the Master, a man who has his heart set on the Way but who is ashamed to be poorly dressed and poorly fed isn''t worth speaking to. 
 Play the role of Ghat, a man 
 As Misha and Janina are returning to the ghetto, they see a man shooting a flamethrower into the sewer. 
 A. 13 February 2015: As a man that''s "been around" some. 
 If a salute is to be held only momentarily, as in a salute to a flag passing in a parade or review, a man removes his hat, dips it toward his heart, then replaces it upon his head. 
 I was partly inspired by John Kerry, a man who professes to have faith but shows very little evidence that he incorporates it into his life. 
 When the LORD says he will judge a man because he never displeased his children (I Kings 1:6) by authoritatively frowning on their rebellious behavior
 parasite  pervert  a worm  a self-confessed player of the pink oboe; a man (or woman) who by his (or her) own admission chews pillows! 
 Take Apuleius'' Golden Ass -- a story about the misadventures of a man who (spoilers!) manages to turn himself into a donkey. 
 Lema is far too gracious and perceptiwe a man for such pettiness. 
 In our off-time, a few of us gals and guys came upon a man 
 Elizabeth  daughter of Abraham  Sr. He settled on land in Egypt adjoining the John Strickler farm  purchasing it from a man by the name of Tate  that J. C. Bowers now owns it; that David was born in Lancaster Co.  Pa. 1777
 Not even a fellow elf in Aerie or a man of pious faith such as Keldorn. 
 a man who wants to be a man only who likes to dress as a woman 
 A woman who was seduced by a marriage promise could sue for breach of promise, and if she became sexually involved with a man due to force or duress, she might be able to sue for rape or assault. 
 A man to whom Mendelssohn''s father had been a very good friend once said of him ''he''s the best Christian I''ve ever met''. 
 Hook was a man of the left. 
 "Jericho" and "Walk on Water" similarly follow this pattern, and could be about a man struggling to find God, or trying to attain a better relationship with their subjects. 
 The fact of the matter is that no one can respect a man who fails to respect others. 
 Consider an ad picturing a man (perhaps in his late fifties or early sixties standing in the water on a beach with his pants rolled up above his ankles. 
 A man 
 And with a drink in his hand, he says to the mayor''s press secretary, a man named Tom Morgan, he said, ''You know, I''m working on this really wonderful story about police corruption. 
 Suddenly a man called her name: Where is so-and-so? 
 I became interested for I was young in the ministry, and had often desired to meet with a man of God that prayed like the saints of the Apostolic age. 
 If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. 
 For a long time, a young man prayed with us by the name of Shaul Sucher, a man of short stature with a pointy, golden beard. 
 From the description about how Yuizeh tried to be a man , people would roll with laughter. 
 "We do not listen with the best regard to the verses of a man who is only a poet
 I said that Harish was a man of good character. 
 That motto regarding '' a man '' and ''a woman'' is not untrue... 
 He was a man who ruled his family as he ruled others  without brooking disobedience
 He''s a tortured soul now – a man in agony. 
 A man is dying. 
 a man declare himself to be an Emperor and expect it to be so? 
 " A man dreamt he climbed through a small window into a huge building. 
 What he has done, versus what he has said, reveals a man 
 The moment life came to me, right after I drew in the first breath and my cheeks turned rose, I smelled the scent of a man standing in front of my mother, the scent of Ezmeray. 
 We know bin Laden is in no way a man of God, he''s more of an ethnic cleanser, yet we give him moral harbor by agreeing this is a religious war. 
 i made this jar = for cash though its called = lucre trash. -David Drake August 22, 1857 no one knows this like a man like me
 Despite his handicap Bucke proceeded to show himself a man of brilliant intellect, outstanding humanitarianism and later, divine inspiration. 
 The persecution and suffering which that entails, whether for a man or a woman
 A Man With A Cold by Colin Campbell and Rosalind Green, published by Argyll Publishing - email EMAIL 
 a man can get. read on 
 57Three healths restore a man   58balm of life: the churchman''s building  59the building of the blessing  the building of the white wheat
 642) Our moving to the psychic from the mind is as difficult as a man possessed by desire resisting it and resorting to thinking of that desire and its consequences. 
 Every time I start to fantasize about being a fake little shill of a man this.. conscience.. thing.. gets in a way of me just playing people for their money. 
 He even fights a giant of a man played by Andre the Giant. 
 What this means is made clear by the experience of a man , Graham, whom I worked with personally. 
 a man 
 One season revolves around a man accused of burning down his own house and killing an elderly woman who lived next door. 
 "Caught a man stealin'' carbines, sir," said the corporal. 
 Encinosa describes Castro as a man lacking any moral character, and as one who praises Hilter and Mussolini as heroes. 
 According to the investigation, in April 2019, the defendant rendered legal assistance to a man checked by police over fraud report. 
 Wherever you see a man who gives someone else''s corruption  someone else''s prejudice as a reason for not taking action himself
 a man . 
 â€œYou canâ€TMt understand how a woman seeing a man who has been separated from his wife [Rosetta Getty] for months can cause such a scandal. 
 In the meantime Don Pedro had sent a man to reclaim the rented car. 
 a man and his wife, and what a terrible marriage they have got, and how he is a publican living over a dreary pub. 
 Brown talks about a man who was the assistant curator of manuscripts at the British Museum when the chess pieces were discovered. 
 A Man of Stature: Edmund Teile''s collected essays. 
 Last year we were also present when a man collected and later cremated the body of his wife . . . for the second time. 
 probably suppressing their personal motivations  as to whether it was the right thing to kill a man like Caesar, who had done a great deal for Rome, but who was now on the brink, or over the brink, of establishing a tyranny. 
 For if a man with 10 000 Twitter followers and a couple of books published decides to follow you and Twitter
 although we used to think Charlemagne was a man with a plan and a vision, it turns out that he was just improvising as we all do in parts of our lives. 
 Hi I keep having a recurring d re am that I am going to cheat on my partner with a man but I always stop before anything eventual happens 
 So what makes a man sexy? 
 Zulawski is not a man of words; he plays and juggles with the image  the color  the rhythm  the sound  the music
 A man crosses a road in North Point, Hong Kong, China, December 13, 2019. 
 it could be read as the awakening of a man from a slumber ready to make a mark as an individual
 It is above all, a work made by a man who loves and is fascinated by the world of film. 
 That pant6 after the dust of the earth on the head of the poor, and turn aside55 the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go4 in unto the [same] maid, to profane15 my holy name: 
 Ask3 ye now, and see3 whether a man doth travail with child?6 wherefore do I see1 every man with his hands on his loins  as a woman in travail
 Paul was such a man , and the more they whipped him and stoned him and tried to rid the earth of him, the more God used him. 
 This week there are also highlights from big Crusaders winger Nemani Nadolo, a man who has to be up there with the most lethal wingers in the world at the moment. 
 Why, didin''t a man the other day sell J. P. Morgan an oil portrait of Rockefeller  Jr.
 A man can no more pray without having his thoughts concentrated, than he can do anything else. 
 According to this usage, a Nāyar woman, consorting with a man of a higher caste, follows the hair, purifies the blood, and raises the progeny in social estimation. 
 No longer just a man ...not a thing...he''s All-American soil and he''s reporting for duty... 
 Listen to Raikkonen''s fiery radio rants when he''s unhappy with his team or other drivers and you know he''s a man who cares passionately about what he''s doing and wants to do it well. 
 The Electoral College is about to put a man into the Oval office whose finger is firmly pointing towards the self-destruct button. 
 Last night, the debate in Iowa of the democratic candidates, Tom Brokaw asked Gephardt would he call Sharon a man of peace and he said everything but respond to that. 
 Yabushita  like many young ladies today  happens to have an itemized list with 24 characteristics she requires of a man before she considers marrying him. 
 The bottom line is that parents, and most people, would still rather believe a man in a white lab coat than they would some website on the Internet
 Because I am a man (magadini). 
 Yong Mr FRY of Colliton coming from Exon with his man, between them they killed a man at Vinneton bridge. 
 Here We Come" the Smiths'' song "Girlfriend in a Coma" (you''ll find this remarkable) tells of a man whose girlfriend is in a coma. 
 If ever I saw a man hopelessly hard-up it was the man in front of me. 
 Her sister couldn''t seem to understand she was perfectly happy being single, and she kept trying to help Shawna find a man through "chance" meetings and "unexpected" visits when Shawna came to visit her. 
 In a vortex of soul, casting about for a course of action, he decided to seek advice from a fellow rabbi in a distant town, a man his senior by many years, for whose learning and piety he entertained a very high regard. 
 A woman had under the nose, while a man boarded a few stops later had his mask under his chin. 
 "It is the same as to ask whom or what a man loves more – his mother or stuffed cabbage rolls. 
 Yes, we have found a man 
 The further fatal Consequences of these unhappy Defects in Nature, where she has damn''d a Man to Wit and Rhyme  has been loss of Inheritance  Parents being aggravated by the obstinate young Beaus
 What a man , what a campaigner, what a friend. 
 For "Life of Riley" is about a man who is dying, a man who''s never seen on screen. 
 and there was the figure of a man sitting on the fore planking beside the shipped sweeps. 
 James Delaney may be locked up in the Tower of London, but he''s a man with a plan. 
 When a dog bites a man , the man learns to fear. 
 Premise: a man is taken alive into Hell, and put to fighting in the arena. 
 Two days ago, a man claiming to be a gay Saudi posted to Reddit asking for help. 
 A man they say looks like a prophet appears to them wearing a very bright robe
 There was an article about a man named Dennis Washington. 
 How do you stop a man who sees life and death as a game and whose actions can''t be predicted? 
 It is a non-tangible thing that cannot be defined that makes a man fit for marriage. 
 A man 
 However, according to recent studies, the patient''s profile fits a man or woman between 20 and 45 years of age. 
 Jessie Dotson could face the death penalty for the six murders A man has been convicted of murdering his brother  two nephews and three others at a home in Memphis
 Lev 20:21 If a man takes his brother''s wife, it is uncleanness; he has disgraced his brother sexually; they will be childless. 
 My bed space was 55x60cm next to a man unwashed in two years. 
 The elongated ''Never Trust A Man With A Perm'' had air raid chords coming from Bowen and he was out in the crowd by the end of it. 
 YCSO deputies deputies question a man they believe to be a witness to the fatal shooting of Vonda Adams, 46. 
 a man wander what makes a man wander [ guitar ] I know I love you as much... 
 When a man gets back to that basis  he can understand–no matter if a person is sterilized with his consent or against his consent
 Death comes to a man and he wants to go on living–bad Karma, we say. 
 to a man who was truly sorry and sought to mend his ways. 
 caring and vnimatelnm. moreover i would like him to be honest  confident  romantic and sexy. i believe that such a man exist in this world. and gave each other love 
 This is the story, for the most part, of Naota, a young man travelling to Tokyo to kill a man . 
 Consider the suicide of a man who is literally & physically alone  not existentially  not in terms of inter-personal relationships
 I appreciate the kindness of a man . 
 a beautiful girl) I can interest a man in love  and yes  I do not suffer from a lack of attention ... But I appreciate the actions
 Bowman paints a portrait of Leon as a true "Simple Man," a man who was endlessly searching for a woman who loved him for who he was, not for his star status. 
 B''midbar (Num) 30:1-2 The vow of a man . 
 I feel very excited to meet a man ! 
 He said there was a man by the name of Jones who was the leader of the affair and that he had gone to Clarksburg. 
 Sir Robert was, however, too well known as a man of honour, and of too high a family, to be suspected of any unfair dealing. 
 In reference to their attackers, he states: "The life of a man and that of a mosquito is the same for them. 
 Audience members listened to Sharma''s incredible journey from a man with an idea to becoming one of the most successful music entrepreneurs in the country. 
 where many visitors come and go shopping or to Soi Bangla - is a man nicknamed Pong. 
 Other police killings of protesters in recent years include the shooting of a man at Kanchanpur in 2018
 It can''t be judged by the terms we would use to describe something a man would do because we can''t think of him as a man . 
 In the latest episode of the "Pull Up with CJ McCollum" podcast, he gave discussed the influence Stephen Curry, a man he''s faced three times in the playoffs since 2016, has had on the NBA. 
 Patna: Suspected Maoists shot dead a man and his son in Bihar''s Rohtas district, police said Friday. 
 "Reminiscence" today is more apt to bring to mind the picture of a man in a nostalgic reverie involving the lost romances of youth
 showing a man wearing an Islamic skullcap taking children on a magical trishaw for a ride through the sky. 
 a man finally ) we love you so much never give up on your dreams & goals
 Recently reported attacks include a man pouring acid on a woman in New York City and a 61-year-old being slashed with a box cutter. 
 Starring Yami Gautam and Bhumi Pednekar, Amar Kaushik''s directorial deals with a man who suffers from premature balding. 
 and whether you are a man or a woman, and the margins of error are large). 
 Late Friday afternoon, deputies responded to a report of a man shooting a gun at a house. 
 Merriam Webster describes character as Sense 6: moral excellence and firmness [ a man of sound character] I would describe it with the old adage: "Doing the right thing when nobody is looking." 
 Note: this is made for a man but they''ll take special orders! 
 Even got a hug from a man who has traveled to the moon. 
 If you wish to convince a man of anything
 In a corridor a man is clinging desperately to the legs of the boss who just fired him. 
 I admire a man , such as Tony Sena, for having great hands. 
 It would seem a little silly for a man of my age to use Halloween as an excuse. 
 Cave''s Jesus is a man condemned, ''a gilled Jesus shivering on a fisherman''s hook'' (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds 2001). 
 the pagans  to believers in other religions  was the first to teach us that: It''s sad when you see a man who seeks this office and who does so much to get there and when he makes it  he doesn''t serve  but struts like a peacock
 10 July 2008 (F) age - Would you sleep with a man 
 A man ? 
 But Uriah is a man of integrity. 
 Here was a man of recognized character and achievement disclosed as an absurd and dreary chatterer. 
 "Thanks to M. Charles Nodier, who had discovered a man of modest talent buried in this province, I knew a little of the verses of the Gascon poet Jasmin. 
 a man . 
 Nay, it is likened to a man; and as we consider feature and composition in a man , so words in language; in the greatness, aptness, sound structure, and harmony of it. 
 having the defendant in custody  came in; that one of the watchmen said  "here is a man that has been robbing a man ;" that presently Russell  the person named in the indictment as having been robbed  came in crying  and said
 Poland''s state railway PKP is claiming compensation from a man 
 it''s the fact that the only presidential hopeful to even raise it as an issue has been Dennis Kucinich  a man respected by many for his candor and intelligence on several collateral issues
 So "if a man menaces my tenants at will of life and member  per quod they depart from their tenures
 There are forms at the table; and on them are seated a man and a woman  both much down on their luck  finishing a meal of bread [one thick slice each
 it was for the jury to say under all the circumstances disclosed by the evidence whether as a man 
 One principal element in the alleged conspiracy being that Kennedy should assume to be George Brown, a man of wealth  residing in Exeter  and then or recently an owner of real estate there
 and then began laying hands upon his black satin stock–in short  the sun did not shine at that moment upon a man who looked so exquisitely foolish. 
 and say but little  and that only here and there  as imitators  Homer after a brief preface brings in forthwith a man , a woman, or some other Character–no one of them characterless, but each with distinctive characteristics. 
 He had more of the confidence women dislike to see a man without, than was quite pleasant even to the confident Alexa. 
 But the theory of stupidity does not appeal to the practitioner, for even if we agree that a man foolishly makes a confession and later  when he perceives his mistake  bitterly regrets telling it
 A man has no children, it is only woman who has children, and therefore the future is hers when we die childless. 
 If I am only to walk a mile with a man   why should I not make that mile as pleasant to him as I can; or why  above all  if I choose to be sulky
 "This is like a June day of scirocco," said Artois, as he lit his pipe with the air of a man thoroughly at home. 
 Her face was strong and resolute, yet it was with the strength and resolution of a woman, not of a man . 
 And a man might occasionally be expected to make a mistake
 In a bill in equity the plaintiffs, a man   his wife and one who had acted as a straw for him  averred in substance that the defendants
 Was there anything else to understand except what was obvious to all the world–a heartless woman jilts a man when a more lucrative chance turns up? 
 A woman in her 50s working full-time currently earns £11.99 per hour - 18 per cent less hour than a man of a similar age (£14.69). 
 missionary too you were there to lend a hand Our love and friendship we''ll renew we hope  by your side to someday stand A man of dignity and strength Living the gospel was your plea Your stride  strong and a wondrous length Your joy
 For the same reason too a man may not marry his great-aunt either paternal or maternal. 
 as of old  the courage of the battlefield is honored  and that  if a man will risk his life for his country
 who knew all things (John 21:17)  was ignorant of something in respect of his perception as a man ; for otherwise he could not have been liable to grief and anxiety, and could not have been like us (Hebrews 2:17). 
 When classes rise and fall, a man is employed or unemployed; when the rate of investment goes up or down, a man takes new heart or goes broke. 
 There are, however, certain implications which arise out of the nature of the transaction where a man 
 Prior to Sergeant Richardson''s arrival, other officers had observed a man fitting the defendant''s description enter the apartment. 
 The victim said that one of the photographs depicted a man who was not her assailant but looked like him. 
 Common causes include: As a man becomes sexually excited, blood can be too damage Erectile dysfunctions treatment and limp. 
 The departing chairman of the WRU, David Pickering added: "Stuart was a giant of a man who made a massive impact on world rugby and his memory will live on throughout the game. 
 Before starting the truck ahead, he looked to his left and saw a man 
 Prior to the divorce judgment becoming final, the wife had a "ceremonial change of vows" with a man whom she later married. 
 some of them so strange to him that he can hardly understand them  and a man from  say
 Jr.  while conducting a surveillance operation in the South End of Boston  observed through binoculars a man   whom they knew well and recognized as the defendant
 The Enchanted Cat  Garden Witch''s Herbal  Garden Witchery  Herb Magic for Beginners  How to Enchant a Man , Natural Witchery, and the new Practical Protection Magick. 
 Here and there a man like George Williams Walker  of the aristocracy of South Carolina  and a woman like Miss Belle H. Bennett
 The doctor or the lawyer loses touch with his clients when he is unfortunate enough to be set down as a man who cannot see a joke. 
 What could be done with such a man ? 
 My sight was keen, and I was the first to find out that the scarecrow was not a man . 
 A man must be  in the old Greek phrase  "either a God or a beast
 "Do you suppose any well-raised girl would have a man who got rich by cleaning the Bad Man''s hat? 
 William Rathbone Greg''s grandfather was a man of good position in the neighbourhood of Belfast, who sent two of his sons to push their fortunes in England. 
 Sure enough, on the cowcatcher sat a man , huddled up comfortably. 
 Jim must be a man after my own heart." 
 Diaz overtook on its left a vehicle in the third lane operated by a man named Grueter and spun or skidded in front of it. 
 A man peeped out  satisfied himself that there really were sahib-log waiting at his gate  and then unfastened the chain
 and that no part of the series had yet been transmitted to England; but it was the language of a man labouring under the misapprehension and obliviousness produced by disease
 A man by forsaking anger can exhibit proper energy  whereas  O wise one
 The tree which produces it does not indeed shoot up spontaneously, but if a man plants ten of them in his lifetime  which he may do in about an hour
 The people don''t seem to be the least afraid; for, see! there is a man in the front waving his handkerchief to some of their friends on the shore. 
 of a man who haunted the towns of Lagash and Vaornia, and the road between. 
 She is rather inclined to take the virtues I have mentioned for granted, or do without them; and she founds her opinion of a man almost solely upon his capacity for boring her or stimulating her. 
 " A man o'' your age, and drunk, too," explained the damsel. 
 When a man 
 But Houston could understand the Normal man; he could see how fear of a Controller could drive a man without the ability into a frenzied panic. 
 a man must be valid. 
 As a man , as a practical sage, Socrates is pictured in the brightest colors by all narrators. 
 Six things are much spoken of amongst physicians as principal causes of this disease; if a man be melancholy, he hath offended in one of the six. 
 It is always incomprehensible to a man that a woman should ever refuse an offer of marriage. -Jane Austen 
 Let a man give the reins to his impulses and passions, and from that moment he yields up his moral freedom. 
 They show giraffe, quagga, and ostriches, and a man hunting an ostrich. 
 They saw a sedan pull up: a man in his fifties was in the driver''s seat; a woman in her late twenties was in the passenger seat. 
 Patrolling Bowdoin Street, said Foley, he saw Ross talking to a man Foley did not know. 
 Some would say, "What business had a man like him with a fine lady for a wife? one so much younger than himself too!" 
 Mobile photo shows a man punting in Xihai Wetland Park in Beijing, capital of China, July 31, 2019. 
 It is a story told during the Napoleonic War when a man decides to join the army to forget about his heartache. 
 A man should go on living -- if only to satisfy his curiosity. -Yiddish Proverb 
 He was too great a man not to value rightly Hamilton''s work  and the way in which that work brought order  credit  honor
 and an encounter with The Law Killers  a band of bounty hunters with whom Gaunt used to ride  and led by Major Lash  a man who cannot die because he has no soul. 
 and it is improper for a woman to bear the arms of a man . 
 I suffer from this, but as a man fearing ive been raped by another man and not being able to remember it! its been a spike on 3 occassions
 I had a dream that I was in a huge room giving an announcement with a man I didn''t know. 
 feeling its dumb betrayal  pulling on drawstrings to be eclipsed by a dazzle of sun light  witness this: a man 
 I live in the Bourbon Capitol of the world and people seem t think you''re not a man unless you drink it. 
 A man needed a new pair of shoes. 
 Hans Holbein the Younger, Portrait of a man aged 54: Deutches Museum, Berlin. 
 In a room beside it rests an open white coffin where a man lying on his side who looks like he was just asleep. 
 and can produce during tense times  particularly during those ten minutes in the second half when they were down a man . 
 The only person from whom a man can inherit his Y chromosome is from his father, whereas a woman''s pair of X chromosomes come from both parents. 
 Back in college, one of my favorite professors, a man of the old school, told me a story about a student who thought raisins grew on trees. 
 None of Jesus''s disciples thought he was anything but a man 
 With Bushido Blade, LightWeight dared to ask the question, "Can a man really take a dozen swords to the face and still remain standing?" 
 Then in A Man Called Kev  even though some mention is given to the running gags
 It acts as the autobiography of a man who for some reason believes Albuquerque, New Mexico to be paradise. 
 A man named Paris humiliated the king of Sparta by taking his wife Helen away to Troy (in present day Turkey). 
 Later in the day as I left the Museo de Oro, a man wearing a green vest advertising Zipatours approached me with a binder with his tour information 
 The resident archaeologist was on call in the archaeological room downstairs, a man named Sefer Laqji who told me he was a Ph.D. candidate at a university in Tirana, Albania. 
 Singh says he was a man of courage  brave enough to criticize the private school''s leadership
 A man far above the reach of the common people. 
 According to TWRA, officers responded just after noon to learn that a man jumped from a pontoon boat and was missing. 
 As he approached the bridge he saw a man leaning against the wall flipping a coin. 
 On January 11, 2007, Deputy Jim Schiedler of the Cabell County Sheriff''s Office told the state police that a man named Greg Bailey had information about the murder. 
 A man who lived in the apartment below Welch''s testified he heard footsteps in her apartment on April 9 and on April 11. 
 On December 1 around 8 p.m., Rogers and Hines allegedly robbed a man at gunpoint. 
 A few months later, on November 24, a man called 911 to report that he had been robbed at an ATM in Orange, California. 
 Are you trying to maintain groomed facial hair or is there a man in your life trying to grow a mohawk which you would rather he got rid of? 
 As the Apostle Paul stated, "Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that he will also reap!" 
 You play as a man who wakes up in a white room, handcuffed to a pipe. 
 strong and not one of delicate feminine features  in 1782  Deborah made her first attempt at trying to pretend to be a man . 
 That also left my current squad in the field down a man ! 
 arresting a married couple  ages 23 and 19  and a man , 39. 
 and then there is the silence of a stadium where thousands of people fear they have just watched a man lose his life. 
 Two women, a man , and a little boy piled into the old Ford with them. 
 Binny: "God damn it, a man cain''t even listen to the news without a son-of-a-bitch like you botherin'' him." 
 @Prodigal, since there''s no way that scene would have played out the way it did, if the slapper had been a man and the slapped person had been a woman, I think it''s precisely the double-standard I ..err..thought. 
 How a man 
 He looked a man on a mission, however, and went on the offense taking a 4-1 lead in game four. 
 A man is at a bar and every time he orders a drink he tells the bartender "And send one down to Donkey at the end of the bar." 
 God spoke "unto Moses face to face, as a man speaks unto his friend . . ." (Exodus 33:11. 
 She much prefers it in the ass and I oblige regularly but fantasize about a man while doing it. 
 Q) Todd Duffee was a man everyone was talking about years ago when he scored a quick KO in his ufc debut
 A man 
 3:23 p.m. A man and woman had a loud conversation in a parked vehicle on H Street
 The Times-Dispatch reports that a neighbour saw a man in black clothing about 2.30pm cross the road near Steeplechase Parkway, where the mother and daughter lived. 
 No, a man 
 In fact today, a man was arrested in connection with the murder. 
 But for a man of few words
 The Legion, a dictatorship headed by a man calling himself Caesar who was in pursuit of the Roman model of the ruling. 
 But the Great Lord assumed a human body; therefore he had to perform his duties like a man and observe the Varna and Âs''rama Dharmas pertaining to human beings. 
 But there was a guy that was gay that was lured by a man on fb also pretending to be gay. 
 If a married woman accuses a man of rape  she has established adultery to a court''s satisfaction  but not established rape
 In one case, a man accused of licking deodorant in a Missouri Walmart was charged with a felony
 It also gives a hilarious depiction of what happens when bulls are stolen from a man who considers them not just an animal, but his own kid. 
 a Republican from Kansas  wrote to SXSW organizers  calling on them to withdraw the invitation to Snowden  a man he said deceived his employer and his country. 
 tasers  and the edges of round shields  to violently assault some of the occupants inside. there were reports of a man knocked unconscious with a crowbar, and of the angle-grinder being used offensively. 
 Although a woman is destined for a man to become his, another precedes him and marries her before it is the time of the first. 
 He appears to be a man of great character and resolve. 
 ''What a man that would be'' once exclaimed the practical  energetic Sydney when Mackintosh was mentioned
 I actually worked with a man whose favorite expression , when told great news, was "...best thing since repeal!" 
 In many respects a man of independent thought  he was most courageous in the expression of his opinions
 When a man broke into a house in Newmarket  Ont. Canada  thehomeowners  identified only as Clifford  66  and Gladys  59
 What we have seen demonstrated this week, is that for a man 
 I thought he was awfully good looking for a man of his age. 
 October 7, 2019 - Houston police are investigating the shooting of a man at 400 Moss Street about 7:45 p.m. on Saturday (Oct. 5). 
 March 3, 2005 -- Houston police are investigating the fatal shooting of a man at 6800 Avenue F about 7:40 p.m. on Wednesday (Mar. 2). 
 May 31, 2011 - The fatal shooting of a man at 755 West Rittenhouse about 3:10 a.m. on Saturday (May 28) will be referred to a Harris County grand jury. 
 a man at 5720 Glenmont #60 shortly after midnight on Monday (May 15). 
 March 10, 2008 - Houston police are investigating the death of a man found at 740 Crosstimbers about 9:50 a.m. on Saturday (March 8). 
 September 07, 2021 - Houston police have learned a man critically injured in a crash at 7900 Corporate Drive about 5:35 p.m. on August 28 has died. 
 February 27, 2012 - Charges have been filed against a suspect arrested in the fatal shooting of a man at 6217 Batterson about 1 a.m. on Saturday (Feb. 25). 
 Why would a man surviving from the war, sound and unhurt, kill himself? 
 FILE PHOTO: A man looks on in front of an electronic board showing stock information at a brokerage house in Nanjing  Jiangsu province
 a man who is a mere "electoral decoration," writes the paper, meant to keep up the façade of free and fair elections. 
 There is no longer an earthly high priest whose death liberates a man who is seeking refuge from the blood avenger. 
 Was this a man or a woman who said this? 
 Synopsis: it''s a pile of rubbish sitting outside with a man (whose shadow can be seen in the grass) hovering over it. 
 Upon inquiry, I found that he had by some means or other neglected to report a man that was missing; and it was a question whether the duty of reporting this man belonged to the Confederate sergeant
 unsullied by sex with a man , however "sexually" generative one is by nature? 
 I mean you were once a man of such formidable intelligence that they had a whole game show built around beating you in a contest of knowledge. 
 He also knows his name will be remembered because he heroically stood up to a mastodon of a man in order to protect the life of his lord. 
 A man named Perry, who was also there at work, on returning from his dinner saw deceased still at work. 
 This much we know is true: that while a man is with his gods  no matter who they may be
 That''s where he meets a man claiming to be Jesus. 
 who is still testing boundaries with a man who did not raise him and is new to parenthood. 
 Author Tatematsu Wahei has described Tomokawa as " a man standing naked, his sensibility utterly exposed and tingling." 
 If I marry, I want to be sure that, if I don''t marry a very rich man, at least I''ll marry a man who has enough wealth to keep me from the brink of want, from worries and cares. 
 They find a man tied up in the basement claiming that Perkins left him there. 
 He believed that a man could live sinlessly. 
 and it is clear that Frank Castle (Jon Bernthal) isn''t a man who should be crossed. 
 Some are looking for a man . 
 Immortus claims that one of the other henchmen, a man by the name of N-Emy has stolen from him and as such the General orders that he be terminated with extreme prejudice. 
 Grab Bag: PayPal is suing Pandora over its similar blue P logo (from Brinke). ... Also from Brinke: A man stole 800 pairs of shoes from a Nike Factory Store in Portland. 
 not fit for office Every day is like teh last one You''re a gimp  not fit for office "I''m a man fit for conviction" "I''m a man who doesn''t know" How to lie without restriction? 
 Samuel Johnson said "Never mention rope in the house of a man whom has been hanged." 
 The Samurai would never just take in a man and make ''em a Samurai. 
 I believe Logan''s brother was killed by a man named Sappington; who killed the others I do not know, although I was present. 
 UNIFORM police and Homicide Squad detectives were out in force Monday after the suspected stabbing death of a man at Hastings. 
 "For what does it profit a man ," our Lord asked, "if he gains the whole world and forfeits his soul?" 
 Dale Anne Bradley Don''t Turn Your Back Compass PJ Harvey/John Parish A Woman and a Man 
" while  so far  not applying that exact same description to a man who is no less horrible or terrible – if not far more terrible – referring to the guy now in the White House. 
 in America not so much  at least since the Salem Witch trials but now a man has killed two women with a hammer because he believed they were witches–he was later found clutching a Bible. 
 Prof. Paniccia is a man with deep knowledge on many economical  political  military and strategic issues
 In short, he was a man of many contradictions  of highs and lows  hope and despair
 Now you feel like a man who needs your own personal hair club. 
 Not that I''m saying that''s any excuse to for a man to beat his wife, or any woman. 
 and "UNCUT" is debuting with an interview with a man claiming to be a pen pal of CHARLES MANSON. 
 Berry''s death Saturday at age 90 spurred an outpouring of accolades for a man praised variously as a legend, pioneer and king who led us to hail, hail rock ''n'' roll. 
 On Nov. 24, 1971, the night before Thanksgiving, a man described as being in his mid-40s with dark sunglasses and an olive complexion boarded a flight from Portland  Oregon
 WORCESTER, Mass. (AP) – A former college student who wrote letters of support to a man 
 He and his work mates were returning to Casper on I 25N via Cheyenne and one of them, a man of color, (axed?) "Say, isn''t this where them kids killed their daddy?" 
 I''m hoping to see more black people decline to vote for a man with obvious problems  rather than vote race
 If the the American people read the Quran they will stop a man like Keith Ellison from the district of Minnesota to swear on the Quran. 
 I mean suppose a man is on trial for saying something critical but truthful about the president. the courts can''t say  "case dismissed
 prone positioning  handcuffing) as well as agitation and trauma (pain) in a man with a KCNJ2 mutation with acute alcohol withdrawal/delirium tremens. 
 When Jesus saw a man who had been blind all his life, his disciples wanted to know what had caused his suffering (see John 9:1-7). 
 This is what i believe in: Unless a man is born again he cannot see the kingdom of God. 
 Instead of anyone trying to make this guy a man of the left or right, can we agree he''s a complete loon? 
 Witnesses reported seeing a man leave the scene of an accident Saturday evening after he struck a parked vehicle on Davis. 
 Police-involved shooting prompts high school lockdown 94578: A man 
 Santa Clara: A man 
 Man Killed By Caltrain A commuter train struck and killed a pedestrian; a man was hit by a northbound train at the crossing shortly after 8:20 a.m. 
 Strangely enough, Alfred notes, the VP of Operations at PSM is a man named Richard Benioff. 
 Riad Hamad is just the latest victim of this vicious regime, a man who spent a great deal of his life trying to make other''s lives better. 
 While in the real world, a man 
 UPDATE [19:03]: According to the Twitter account of Ceska Televize, Police detained a man with a gas gun and ammunition in Lidická Street about half an hour ago. 
 or from a woman instead of a man ? 
 If a man is circumcised, he is counted a Jew. 
 A woman and a man should each be able to work or remain at home. 
 apropos of this word  I remember seeing in a local East Riding paper an advertisement of a tailor which ran thus: '' A man wants an odd coat awhile he gets his spring suit.'' 
 For a man , horse and cart, bringing 48 square pounds, 10d. per gate (or journey). 
 heedless of the danger to which their nationals are exposed  or rather with the feeling that a man 
 Man fatally shot Saturday morning Map of 400 Nerdy Avenue San Jose Officers found a man in his 20s suffering from multiple gunshot wounds, police said. 
 a man   a nobleman at that too...a peasant girl such as me too
 It seemed reasonable too that it should be so, for otherwise it might be possible for a man to inflict great injury by giving up the documents just before action was brought
 When devicing strategies for great sex, a man should be aware of the phenomenon and make sure that not too many commitments undermine the necessary variety. 
 Does such a man make your chest swell? 
 Respect to woman is I really like I don''t really matter by age I like a man more older than me Cause I know they respect the woman than a young man Just be a good man with a big heart 
 To be as a man . 
 He was a man whose talents were outstanding, but who was disabled by his own flaws from making full use of them. 
 At first I thought he was injured, a lady was calling an ambulance and a man was asking if he was okay. 
 Only one protester showed up to the event: a man 
 In the play, which premiered in 1974, an older, successful writer named Hirst invites over a man – a failed poet – who he meets at a pub. 
 Am I supposed to be more or less devastated by your comment because you''re a man ? 
 Whenever that passenger was a man 
 Chinese Taoist Philosopher, Lao Tzu, once said "Give a man a fish, you feed him for the day; Teach him how to fish, you feed him for a lifetime." 
 WESTBROOK, Maine (NEWS CENTER) -- Westbrook Police arrested a man in connection to a Sunday night shooting. 
 as naturally to beget the idea so prevalent  that  if a man should become holy  he could not live in this world In a letter lately received from a beloved  and useful
 Suppose there is a man in this town  who has so strongly entrenched himself in error
 It can never be that there should appear in this world, against the Quranic teachings, a man who would use the sword to make people Muslims. 
 If a man can go drunk on God, he may usefully pass along his exhilarations to other manifestations of godness. 
 Suddenly, the wicked Carbosse, (played by a man ), bursts in, offended at not being invited to the christening. 
 Bernice comments on the fact that her new friend doesn''t seem particularly concerned that a man has just been hacked to death and that a mad axe murderer is still on the loose
 It''s kind of sad in a way to see a man who has spent his entire life as a pampered underachiever suddenly realize that he has big
 a man in South African that wanted to get money out of the country. 
 Except through a miracle, a woman isn''t going to fight off a determined attacker, but a woman can pull a trigger as well as a man can.... 
 He commented in the New York Times: "Reagan was a man of the right. 
 All three groups, despite their differences, had two things in common: they all believed that a man was declared by God to be righteous based on his obedience to the commandments
 The Times of London comments: "Tony Blair staggered the last stretch of his war marathon yesterday, a man now running on pure willpower, gaunt, gritted, visibly elated, and profoundly, knee-saggingly knackered". 
 While I was writing I really felt as if I was a man -- how to explain this -- the imagined world of the novel was so vivid to me and I knew I was seeing it through male eyes
 But in truth, it is no worse than, say, a typical late Romantic poem by a Walter De la Mare- a man who wrote superbly musical lyrics which said absolutely nothing new. 
000 to settle a case brought by two attorneys who claim they were assaulted when they tried to come to the aid of a man allegedly being beaten by police officers
 A man is under constant pressure, which prevents him from breathing freely. 
 My step father - Burl Moody was a concrete contractor in the Oklahoma City area, and had a man working for him by the name of John Witt. 
 Often a man who would like to undertake something finds himself confronted by insurmountable limitations. 
 So, too, am I reminded of my early memory of a stray cat named Friend, the 1st time I saw a man murdered, & all the things that bind that particularity to a place trailing behind me not too far. 
 Peri overhears a man telling his friends about a chicken at Hilly Painswick''s farm
 In Brussels, two assassins -- one French, one alien -- pursue a man named Menhira and gun him down before the eyes of two British tourists  stockbroker Anji Kapoor and her boyfriend
 Then we spot a man 
 "I''ve never seen a man drink with two hands," a feminine voice said. 
 Whenever a man reached the stern, he pulled up his pole and ran rapidly back to resume his place in the line. 
 in coming to the aid of a mad girl during a Tartar raid  he winds up killing a man himself, and in penance renounces his art. 
 "Well, are you a man ?" 
 This is the lunacy that allows women fighter pilots to get aloft even though a man is more effective in combat because his stronger frame better protects him from G-forces. 
 consuming as much as 5 000 calories a day - about double the usual daily requirements for a man - and doing absolutely no exercise. 
 A man who says that he likes teaching children is now apt to draw glances. 
 A Man . Crazy little Thing . When I See A Mommy I Feel Like A Mummy . Owed T''Alex Disc 2: I Love You
 She moved no faster than a man might walk and she smiled and waved now and then to those who lined her way. 
 "Do you know a man named Peter Kaczmareck? 
 At the monthly meeting, the women bring me so many coupons, 4 shopping bags full, that I have to have a man help me carry them out. 
 She''s also received a marriage proposal from Bob (Jon Tenney), a man she might well have accepted if he''d gotten around to asking her even a year earlier
 Also photo of 3 muslim women, one of which appeared to be a man in disguise as a woman that appeared on this site. 
 "We as Christians, we feel that murder is a sin. ... We feel that marriage is ordained by God between a man and a woman," Keen said. 
 if you don''t have a uterus  you shouldn''t be able to be pro-life (because  let''s face it  if a man is pro-choice, they don''t really have a problem with that). 
 A man isn''t even allowed to comment on anything related to the history of women because it isn''t his history. 
 What she got was a man of conviction. 
 A man linked to a local animal rights group, Protect Our Wild Animals, has been charged with murder and is now awaiting trial. 
 A man is willing to let girls be girls and boys be boys. 
 when with a man , for ''the extravagant pleasures of simply being alone'' – seems to me like a slow-burning recipe for unhappiness. 
 Whatever you think of Romney from a policy perspective, he is as admirable a man as you will ever meet. 
 The total union, commitment, and fidelity of a marriage between a man and a woman is a beautiful thing when done well. 
 Mike Adams, who writes below, is a man of profound faith and I have been an atheist for roughly 50 years -- so why do I reproduce his column below? 
 a man with his car only moments after having sent text messages while driving. 
 Currently, everybody must identify themselves as a man or woman, even when they are undergoing a sex-change operation or if they are considered ''intersex''. 
 Especially memorable was a picture of a man wearing a pig mask, captioned: "Here is the real image of Mohammed." 
 Suppose a pool of water, pure, tranquil and unstirred, where a man sees oysters and shells, pebbles and gravels, and schools of fish. 
 We were barely on a city street when a man drove alongside of us to see what was in the truck. 
 A man in military uniform explains the greenhouses are Gardenizens  eco drones designed to offset the carbon footprint
 Portrait of a Man 1515-1520 60x47cm oil on canvas Musée des Beaux-Arts et de Archeologie  Besancon
 if not God  then a man . 
 The juxtaposition exists between inner and outer selves that is visibly seen between a man and a woman in marriage
 But for seven years, he had the "spirit" of an ox, knowing the things of an ox even though he fully retained the flesh of a man . 
 he had the mortification to see his application slighted  and the honours which he claimed bestowed on a man of no character, and recommended by neither abilities nor meritorious actions. 
 I realized, too, while watching this film, that my wife, born in the Bicentennial year of 1976, has not witnessed a man on the moon in her lifetime. 
 and years earlier married an ex-athlete  now wheelchair bound invalid  John  played by Pete Postlethwaite  a man whose rage at the world is directed like a laser at his masochistic wife. 
 Beowulf is a man caught between sides in this great shift, his simple code transforming and falling apart before his eyes. 
 Doing this it became clear that dad was a man of 2 lands & eras.... 
 Early on, Sam moans that a man does not stop being a man when he''s at his job. 
 Portrait of a Man 1510-1576 96x81cm oil on canvas Norton Simon Museum Pasadena  Pasadena  CA
 There are two elements that test the mettle of a man who wants to be a slave, each of which must be examined. 
 If Lee Hamilton''s own claim that WWC takes "a historical perspective" were true, it would not honor a man – and by extension the Turkish government – who unashamedly negates the historical record. 
 Hence, circumcision caused a man to appear naked before God, with the man covered only by his obedience to God. 
 Dermot O''Reilly was a man 
 I have tape that shows my kids driving a man backward and finally collapsing him and in the process tripping up both inside linebackers. 
 To ask for critique and guidance, get it, then pout and stew about it, and not even have the balls to act like a man and voice a complaint directly.... 
 "Your great-grandfather was a giant of a man ," First Cousin said, as we made our way towards his grave, some fifty paces over. 
 So to a man , it will feel like a woman just won''t leave him alone–but he''s not leaving her, he''s just creating some breathing room. 
 It is further believed that if it is not removed, it will cause harm to a man during sexual intercourse.37 This belief is common among the Kurya tribe in the Tarime region. 
 Note that if a man died at a later date  for example one who died of his wounds or one who was captured and then died later as a prisoner of war
" when the daughter of Mr. Taylor rushed out of the house  screaming that a man was murdering her father. 
 between half-past 11 and ten minutes past 12 o''clock  while on duty in the quays  I saw a man , whom, having seen the body of the subject of this enquiry, I believe to have been the same, three or four times. 
 And after all this He created man, a man and a woman created He them  and gave him dominion over all that is upon the earth  and in the seas
 When I had been a man for seven years, it was time for the harvest, and I was chosen. 
 Candice Fusco  shooting a man in cold blood. 
 Even as she tries to decide, scandal pushes her toward marriage with a man she can neither trust nor resist - and into the heart of a deadly conspiracy. 
 Gaby helps him find answers to his questions  but more questions arise linked to love of family  love of a man for a woman and love of place." 
 Woman at a Door Hatch Talking to a Man and Children. 
 As a man   I am done with  and I am no more in the flesh  for it was condemned in the Cross; but I am clear now
 A companion to The Darkest Evening of the Year centers on an iconic Belgian shepherd that accompanies a man on a cross-country road trip marked by heart stopping danger and colourful characters. 
 The gang''s leader, Cephas Quested, being intoxicated, gave a pistol to a man close by and told him to ''blow an Officer''s brains out''. 
 Jesus went on to say that He had come to set a man against his father, and a daughter against her mother (vv. 35-36). 
 e.g. a person who identifies as a woman may be physically male and a person who identifies as a man may be physically female. 
 For it is surely with those vehicles that a man will reach the land unknown. 
 "I like modesty in a man ." 
 "I''m a man , yeah." 
 Repeatedly and again, because you see with a man like that you will always feel trapped. 
 The betrayal of a man . 
 Why would a man not argue his own shameful culpability  why would he not crave responsibility for disaster
 According to the records in the Bible, Job was a man who feared God and shunned evil and received lots of God''s blessings. 
 The thera replied that he did see something but that he did not know whether it was a man or a woman. 
 There are some cases where a man 
 There isn''t a man who doesn''t love a good stag night. 
 It is said that an angel appeared to him in four visions: a man broken down by age, a sick man, a decaying corpse, and lastly, a dignified hermit. 
 Rasoolullaah (SAWS) saw a man playing with his beard during prayer, and he said: ''Behold! 
 Armed with a knife, two women and a man allegedly forced their way into a home in Northampton
 is an Islamic cleric who was temporarily given access to Homeland Security databases until 2011  a man who defended the Muslim Brotherhood and praised by the late Ayatollah Khomeini. 
 a man . 
 In a Street Robbery a woman had her handbag stolen in Netherfield (Nottingham) ( a man has been charged with robbery, possession of a firearm as well as cannabis production). 
 The following convictions were for possession of guns: o A man 
 Guns were found during searches in which drugs were recovered in Clayton (Manchester) (shotgun) ( a man and a woman were arrested)  Bristol (shotgun)  Stamford (Lincolnshire) (replica firearm found in a car)
 He sounds like a man on a mission who has been working non-stop ever since he decided to release two albums and beef up his music career. 
 who was shot and left for dead by her father and uncle after marrying Qaiser  a man once promised to her by her family. 
 Carra Thompson In recognition and appreciation of the dedication to justice you displayed after observing a man strike his girlfriend outside your place of employment
 TG -- who if you haven''t yet guessed, is a prince of a man -- obediently found the first available turnaround spot, and went back. 
 Armed police officers were deployed following a report of a man with a gun at an address in Earl Shilton, Leicestershire. 
 A man and a woman were threatened by a man with what looked like a gun at an address in Redhill, Surrey. 
 For in their anger they slew a man and in their selfwill they digged down a wall. 
 west London during which a man was taken to hospital with serious stab wounds, and two others were arrested. 
 Luka in particular played too many balls into players with a man 
 A man 
 A man thought to have been armed with a gun when he robbed a betting shop in Brighton has been jailed for 4 years. 
 South London (2) - a man was injured in Lewisham and another was shot outside a nightclub in Southwark after a man was fatally injured by a car 
 In a third incident police shot and injured a man apparently seen in possession of a firearm at the railway station in Carfin (North Lanarkshire). 
 Police investigating organised dog fighting questioned a man and a woman arrested in Drighlington (West Yorkshire) on suspicion of possession of a dangerous dog
 A man was seen apparently holding a shotgun during an attack on a house in Luton (Bedfordshire). 
 James writes, "If a creed makes a man feel happy, he almost inevitably adopts it. 
 Thomas D. Homan, ICE''s Acting Director, a man who looks like a very large, living thumb, said after the 7-Eleven raids that this is a harbinger of things to come: 
 The next day a man named Posy and I came back with a pack horse, loaded him and took him in. 
 That in the south wall is much decayed; but the tablet in the west wall shows the kneeling figures of a man , his wife, and sons and daughters on each side. 
 Just an idle suggestion of a man that just woke up, so I won''t take any offence if you consider it downright stupid. 
 Bible prophecy reveals that in the end time, the time immediately before Jesus Christ''s return, a man of fierce countenance and powerful  cruel leadership will assume control of a newly resurrected
 Here comes a man from Fayetteville, Georgia, who received his final paycheck(actually overdue for [...] 
 irresponsible asshole and you  too will Be A Man ." 
 What should a man look like, what makes a man distinctive, what makes a man attractive? 
 O, why was I born a man , of whom to make a brute! 
 This is most certainly the actions of a man who hates women, or at least doesn''t think much of them. 
 By many means a Name can be detached from a man or woman  and a different Name attached e.g. Deed Poll  or simply ''by social agreement
 A man who wants justice for those under his care
 The current extreme violence-issued president, Rene Preval, is a man with a well documented terrorist past. 
 So I don''t remember either Bobby or Charlie or Tex or anyone bringing in -- except there was a man named Charlie that Catherine Share knew and they robbed him of five thousand dollars. 
 A man standing still in the whirling of the passengers crossing a square.. 
 What they are are, to a man , self-loathing. 
 Here we have this really fine looking busty slut for you guys called Lauren Phoenix who seriously has everything that a man could ever ask for with a really nice pair of big boobs and a hot and horny attitude that will please any man. 
 I want a man who can truly open me and open TO me. 
 In 1978, America very much needed a way to feel good about itself and Superman suggested that somewhere there was a man, a man with heavenly origins but Midwestern upbringing
 This marks the close of the career of a man well known in this section and much liked by many friends. 
 spelled incorrectly  transaction  things went terribly wrong and Beausoleil killed a man . 
 By conquering the sin within him through Christ, a man conquers death. 
 The greatest Being of all existence and all eternity, next to God, became a man . 
 There is no way a man 
 pilgrimage without repentance and ornamentation without a necklace  are ugly and useless  so is the house of a man or house-holder without a male issue. 
 He is forced to attend a meeting with Saad Hanafi, a man assumed to be one of the richest people in Egypt and the owner of the most popular football team. 
 a man who''s already engaged. 
 "sense pleasures are like a chain of bones " etc. (M.i 364); and in sensual desire  according to the text "suppose a man borrowed a loan and undertook work," etc. (D.i,71). 
 and he said much like when you''re in prison you''ll eventually sleep with a man , when you''re locked up in bristol, Conn, you''ll eventually sleep with an uggo. 
 Those who are close to him would confirm that Dr Dabengwa was a man of humility. 
 And thus began the business career of a man who  just 22 years later  in 2009
 This is not a ''I need a man '' story, but a ''I need to be happy'' story and although it is a long journey (60+ chapters), it won''t be depressing forever. 
 The treasurer of this ladies'' group was a man named George W. Bradfield! 
 It can''t undo the trauma of watching a man be killed. 
 To illustrate the point, he showed two photographs of a man who got drugs through the program  the first showing him emaciated with ribs and collar-bones protruding
 A man does not want a child he has to raise nor a lump of clay he has to form. 
 But to suppose that God gives a man 
 But the United States has taken a dim view of a possible Aristide return, saying the former president is a man of the past who would detract attention from Haiti''s task of building stability and democracy. 
 Thomas (Tracy) feels more comfortable being a man , so she took the necessary steps to get there...so what? 
 In his professional and private life Richard was a man of the utmost integrity, spoke a great deal of common sense and saw the good in everyone. 
 This Bronze Circular sculpture of a Man in the Form of a Wheel, is an Outdoor statue by British Sculptor Anthony Veale. 
 I hip-checked some idget, a stocky, stump of a man who was standing there drinking chardonnay  to move him out of my way
 Gwen Stefani was spotted kissing a man who isn''t her boyfriend, Blake Shelton, in a series of behind-the-scene videos of her Las Vegas show "Just A Girl." 
 A man 
 When they talk about their bad-ass leader, a man of unconquerable masculinity, they''re talking about him, the Mighty Kamina! 
 Keep in mind that some desks may be designed using a man as a model and may be too big for women. 
 "It''s green and pulsates and looks a little bit like a mushroom that has also been described by a man on the Central Coast," Flynn revealed. 
 Bishop Basil focused on the Epistle reading of the day (Gal. 2:16-20) in which St. Paul said "that a man is not justified by works of the Law but through faith in Jesus Christ." 
 Meanwhile, a man who was found nearby was taken to Springwood police station where he was being questioned by detectives. 
 The last speech is performed by a man who complains that he is "bitter today." 
 A man is speeding his convertible up a steep  narrow
 Relationships: Manifest a Man 3. 
 as Hayes  masterfully captures the singer''s early humility and later determination as we trace his evolution as a man and an artist through intermittent, chronological flashbacks that start during a concert performance in 1942. 
 and the combined devotional practices by a man and a woman together. 
 A man talks about not depending on the government to come up. 
 Some of the Fathers look for a more than literal sense: "Agree with thine adversary quickly" does not refer to a man , but our ever-accusing conscience. 
 No, these are the actions of a man who knows it''s going to get worse
 Daly takes an Australian premise of a man reviewing life experiences  and then Andy Dalies it  wringing comedy out of the most absurd
 Is every word uttered by a Chela to be taken as gospel truth? . . . Some persons have gone so far as to say that when a man is a Chela he is at once put upon a plane when each word that he may unfortunately utter is taken down as ex cathedra
 We have a man that Ken Cuccinelli is trying to distance himself from as he runs for governor of Virginia. 
 Oblivion is a science fiction film starring Tom Cruise as a man 
 Johnson is using the show of solidarity to frame himself as a man who gets things done. 
 Formally, a mullah has no right to perform the religious rite "Nikoh", if a man and a woman are in official marriage already. 
 However, to conclude a second, third and fourth marriages a man has to submit all kinds of certificates and documents proving his financial solvency. 
 I heard it is so painful to calm down a man ." 
 For Kerry cows ''twas Horan and for shorthorns big Jack Ryan, Who towered above the tangler like a man from another clime And many''s the hungry schoolboy and many''s the mother''s son Did a herding job  for a couple a'' bob
 Morocco: Judge acquits a man who raped a pregnant woman 
 A man named "Bruce" with an Indian accent told me he was an "education advisor" and was calling to help me with my education. 
 and what about Jack Terrell at the Center a man 
 That a man could not only control the physical air and water
 It is said that when ''ADIL was leaving BAISHAN he himself saw a man carrying a heavy load and walking slowly, and he sat down to rest for a moment. 
 Almost certainly the funniest Scorsese, but also demonstrates extraordinary control, touch, and taste about a man with none. 
 (Alexander was a man who liked to capitalize the Important Words.) 
 It is needless to mention how important a wedding is to a man or a woman. 
 In 1991, it became illegal for a man to rape his wife. 
 surfaced all over social media and even made it to the news  of Jeremy Meeks  a man whose looks make it hard to not be attracted to him. 
 a man . 
 A man I profoundly respect, once said â€œthe greatest gift a person can give you is their time." 
 It may be of the nature of marriage that it should be between a man and a woman. 
 a man half his age? 
 late 14c., "womanly, feminine; resembling a woman;" of a man or men, "behaving in the manner of a woman, effeminate," from woman + -ish. 
 However, Helen Gardner believed him to be '' a man of action and heroic in his deeds''. 
 but that they should be tormented five months: and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion  when he striketh a man . 
 For, having set forth that ''it is good for a man not to touch a woman'' (I Cor. 
 Around this time, I switched to support, and made everyone become more of a man in the bottom lane as I taught everyone we played against how to play lane. 
 the mighty stroke of the hand of the Lord suddenly from above did stop his purpose  binding (as a man might say) the emperor''s hands behind him  declaring (as Eusebius saith) to all men
 and famous clerk  Richard Armachanus  primate and archbishop of Ireland: a man for his life and learning so memorable  as the condition of those days then served  that the same days then
 because that things which be in themselves diverse  and be under one genus  as a man and an ass, cannot be in one subject. 
 And shall memory not chronicle that important era in a man s life  that mighty revolution whereby he passed from death unto life
 A Rome-based crime drama from 1996, Ricky Tognazzi''s Vite Strozzate stars Vincent Lindon as a man who desperately needs some money for his business to survive and ends up borrowing it from someone he really shouldn''t. 
 A Chelsea pensioner, with both his arms shot off, or a man bed-ridden with the palsy, wants nobody to tell him how helpless he is. 
 When we see a man clothed in rags  starving with hunger  cold  emaciated by sickness
 Their owner, a man in a sparkly suit who''s been brought in from the outside, kneels down and faces the crowd. 
 Diana dropped out of high school at 18 to live with a man twice her age. 
 Immediately after I saw the tall figure of a man apparently more than 6ft. in height, clad in white, near the trees. 
 Do you think I just know what brand a man smokes by examining his ashtray? 
 A man with an intellectual disability has gone to the High Court to challenge laws preventing him from marrying. 
 In 1851, a man by the name of I. M. Singer came up with a novel idea. 
 On the north side of the road, above Blackwater Creek, is found Mummy Cave, so named because the mummified body of a man who had died 1300 years ago was found there. 
 If it attracts a man to make his name widely known, he must equally think it a shame if it be not made known. 
 Item, That if a man were at the point of drowning  or any other danger  he should call only upon God
 Then the lord of Alenc, a man fearing God  and of great understanding  said unto her
 In another example, US District Court Judge Michael A. Ponsor sentenced a man in 2010 in Springfield to four years of probation
 gandarwahas  Rakshasas  Brahmarakshasas  Vetalas Koosmandas and Bhairavis will be destroyed by the sight of such a man . 
 - The Cruel Father: A tale local to the Abernath Forest tells of a man who  having allowed his children to starve  was condemned to serve consecutive seven-year terms as a robin
 Until we know that traumatic brain injury (TBI) is caused by a man committed to macrobid twice a day enabling communities to establish the first fully screened flight. 
 he went towards it  when a man , who afterwards turned out to be the prisoner White, suddenly ran off, and he followed him. 
 Hanks portrays a man of both duty and humanity  shown immediately during a scene in which his wife drives him to the airport
 I know a man who doesn''t speak to his family for days after Tennessee loses a game. 
 a man who has emerged over t... 2 commentsRead " 
 In that car a man is standing to trim the coal as it falls. 
 1825  and conveyed to Bow-street office  on a charge of stealing a horse  the property of a man named Meredith, a miller, living near Ruarden in Gloucestershire. 
 Indeed he was a man in every way qualified for this station  for he had impudence in abundance  cruelty at his finger-ends
" who criticized NFL commissioner Roger Goodell: You do NOT have to watch football to prove you are a man . 
 young bus driver with whom Alfie works every day  and who seems to share something of Alfie''s love for poetry (" A Man Of No Importance"). 
 Gay men, like the looks, voice, and essence of a man . 
 I''ve still yet to hear from you why the Government is allowed to discriminate on gender & tell me I can''t choose to marry a man & can only enjoy all the many rights of coupledom with a woman. 
 shadow-sunken eyes sucking on an inhaler (Scream of the Shalka); a man with long hair swept back and a bent nose
 Then, a man in a tuxedo begins to speak. 
 ...alls Her rights; to find a man   who can retain his throne Her quest; to find who can carry her
 I''m a man of deep conviction. 
 Robert is the nephew of Bobby Evans, a man whose murder during the race protests of 1967 was never solved. 
 He will be remembered as a man whose hands are filled with Namibian people''s blood!" 
 Eve is catapulted back to a case nine years earlier, when a man 
 and so it doesn''t matter whether the relationship is monogamous  any more than it would matter if a man had a monogamous sexual relationship with his sister. 
 Whether you are a man or a woman, you can benefit from this whey protein while you start your fitness journey. 
 ''Such a menace from a man who had ever as yet treated me with the greatest tenderness
 He was a man of good nature  affable and courteous  and at his table  and in other conversation pleasant
 Bill Irwin, a man who is blind, has a talking computer he uses to study the Bible. 
 Near the entrance, he could see Eon talking to a man covered in teal scales. 
 "You guess right," returned his friend; "and one cannot but pity the unaccountable levity of a man , who can calmly suffer himself to be fleeced of that, at a gaming table, which he acquires at the hazard of his life. 
 CAPTAIN: Your son is nearly a man , and was found with you. 
 A man with an ethnically southeast Asian appearance  in a tank-top
 A man from the village (the young man whom Di met bringing the cloth to the school) stops him and insists on fetching the water. 
 As we neared Elizabeth''s restaurant we could see that the road was blocked by a large truck and a man was hosing down the street. 
 Erectile dysfunctions also known by impotence, is a condition where a man is not able to get an erection. 
 He said his name was Skeggi and that he was a man from Ass in Vatnsdal in the North. 
 (1) The letter from Jack County Attorney Michael Mask is pretty funny for a man who may be the most uptight individual in North Central Texas
 The Nexus Vibro, though, addresses that need with all the sleekness and effectiveness that a man could want. 
 The fact is that, in reality and not a theoretical world, you will only marry a straight woman, not a lesbian and not a man . 
 I have been looking for a man , very gentle, romantic, very imaginative person. 
 One night about five years ago I was working late at the college and was very tired, when a man walked up to me in the hallway. 
 About the Author: Archibald Putt, Ph.D., is the pseudonym of a man whose contributions in science, engineering, and R&D management are well known. 
 Trotting out the fact that she is dating a man to prove she has a life outside Max and Herman offers an extremely limited set of options for her. 
 A man who is affectionate, who likes to share with family and friends. 
 At this point she was joined by a man who asked her for directions. 
 Respectfully yours, Andi PS- In my opinion, Rivette, in the ''99 interview you''ve quoted, sounds nothing like a man (or woman) who would recant the evidence of Hawks, as JPC claims. 
 a man and a woman" (by the way  is he quoting anyone there?)
 A man with courage to take responsibility  a positive attitude to life
 Such a man as this  dearest daughter  does not wish for time to suit himself
 Comments: I''m looking for a man who is enterprising, adventurous, professional and loving. 
 Comments: I would like to meet a man responsible with promising actions. 
 In reading mastersofcinema/robert-bresson.com''s reviews of New Yorker''s apparently flawed DVDs of A Man Escaped and Lancelot du Lac (they are transfers from PAL video  not film sources)
 She was alerted by noise outside her home and looked out of her window to see a man loading her prized blue Suzuki 1000cc motorbike into a van. 
 Nick Every was created in the likeness of a Man who''s love for fashion, quality and detail is undeniable. 
 Chang Kai Check was a fascist in all but name, a man who  along with his wife  essentially raped the nation
 29 June in Anstice Close W4  where an eight-year-old boy was assaulted after his mother opened the door to a man she thought was a delivery driver. 
 A cowardly assassin who shot a man in the back in the presence of his wife and children and openly boasted about it for years finally got what he deserved. 
 But, this is the situation a man in Minnesota found himself in. 
 A man 
 Compare that fact in today''s time and it is exactly the same, for a man loves women and quality driving more than anything else. 
 A man 
 Mr. McConnal, what a man . 
 His books include The Drowned and the Saved, If This Is a Man and The Periodic Table. 
 White portrays Einstein as a man brimming with paradoxes--a pacifist who advocated the creation of an atomic weapons program
 There was a man standing next to the car. 
 "I met a man who lives in Tennessee, He was headin'' for Pennsylvania, and some home-made pumpkin pie. 
 A Man on a Bench 
 I then saw a man chopping wood with an axe and wondered what he would do to me if he found out I stole his orange. 
 One morning on the train the blotchy faced, bleary eyed Rachel voyeuristically witnesses Megan kissing a man who is very much not her husband  on the same day that Megan vanishes  in fact
 After killing a man in a bar fight, a former POW flees the scene and manages to find cover in the home of a nurse. 
 A man who kneels down with a smaller bag, cups and pours, cups and pours, as if I could prove anything. 
 The officers wondered: it was impossible that a man of his service, of his proved loyalty, should have deserted; where could he be? 
 A man who owned three Cats was obliged to leave for a few months duty elsewhere
 Suppose a man be on the shore beholding a shipwreck  it will move him somewhat  yet truly not without an inward tickling of his mind
 I mean, you take a man for example: they are paid for what they do  they get constant feedback from people surrounding them at work
 Oh, he knew he would, but even reverse engineering took time, and Kolya wasn''t a man generously endowed with patience. 
 if there isnt a job why use threats and essentially slave labour  to tackle something not deemed worthy of employing a man or woman to do. 
 "When a man fell, the others stood together over his corpse; their gazes met, dark and deep. 
 The concept was simple: a man is stranded on an orbiting space station as a part of a sceintific experiment by a mad scientist. 
 Well, to a man it was hopeless
 A man (likewise gilded) comes dashing onstage, frantically snatching at music pages falling from the rafters. 
 With only about 40 people, it was intimate, and I got to meet a man who would change the world, Tim Berners-Lee. 
 His motivations and responses need to be those of an ape, not a man . 
 There was a man called Tony Tenser, who used to be a cinema manager, but then got into film making. 
 When introducing Angel to her father, Trevor, his comment that he is "Glad to see her out with a man ," as he was "Starting to think she was leaning in the other direction." 
 King Henry does what he can to prove to his men that he is the prototype of a man in this society. 
 He''s not a man who will retire. 
 July 2002  24.95  302 pp. ISBN 1590580074 He left St. Adele  Michigan as a boy and returned to it as a man , having served in two world wars in military intelligence. 
 a man could turn from his iniquity
 Thus, if a man put on a Deer skin  and the horns upon his head  and come closely to them  they supposing it is a Deer indeed
 But perhaps he should be put to rest, finally, as a man who accomplished many great things and died tragically before he could accomplish the greatest of them all
 Here it would be so wonderful to meet a good man, it is nice to communicate, make friends and meet, I would like to meet a man with whom I would live together and happily all my life. 
 If you want work, meet him at the maidan," said a man who thought that he was just like Keeda, another desperate thug in the city of desperation. 
 (3) Further, if continence makes a man ready to stand by any and every opinion  it is bad
 A man is lying in the dirt, his faced... 
 AVODART was better off before . The study looks as a man my age I''ve inextricably holistic warm dependence toward leukeran victims. 
 I was walking into a leisure centre where I teach Martial Arts, a man approached me, extended his hand and said, THANK YOU FOR SAVING MY LIFE, He used to be a drug addict on Heroin. 
 Jesus, in Jerusalem to keep one of God''s annual fall Festivals in 28 A.D. (John 5:1), met a man at Bethesda during the Sabbath (verse 9). 
 If a man ever says to you that females aren''t funny, just explain that the reason women can''t tell jokes is because we marry them! 
 What interested me in this film was showing a man who was capable of self-sacrifice. 
 The problem seems an acute one in the case of a man who has a keen sense of where genres overlap and who insists on words  whether written or chiselled
 (yes, I''m a man who just used the ''L'' word) I''m not going to spoil any parts of the story by doing a running narrative here. 
 he writes as follows; [ II.42.] "The great sorrow of Paul also deserves to be related  who was a man honest and peaceable  and humble and guileless  and dwelt like Jacob in the tabernacle of his monastery
 Al was a man for whom a bottle of whiskey was always close at hand, either in his desk drawer or already sitting on top of it. 
 and here he gives insight into the meaning of a culture where every male hunts – and a man who shoots as a gentleman will be assumed a gentleman. 
 there''s nothing A man with no power Fast asleep Odd calculus On fire Whipped cream Do you love yourself like this Hotel Rwanda
 I had a vision of them put together Not like a man , but like a chandelier. 
 Mormons cannot do this because, since God was once a man , Goodness must pre-date God and be independent of God''s will. 
 What''s at stake in my mouth for a man ... 
 It won''t stop a man of a different creed or belief or agenda from harming you or those you love. 
 Greek checkers VII (b) It is not mandatory to capture the longest line and a Man continues capture as a King in the last rank. 
 One came as a response to the heady mix of entitlement and wilful ignorance – a man who wanted to talk to me about how hard it is being heterosexual. 
 A man should be able to lucidly explain the rules of one or more of the following sports: Football (not the European kind)
 Ali will be remembered as a man that knew how to lift up the spirits of those around him during tough times
 I remember coming to Summa, the first night I heard what they''d done with "Merely a Man ," Dave was doing his wah-wah guitar solo. 
 using astonished at just how many young ladies get into their armoires and forget there is is a man or women in them. 
 And the cause and beginning of this was a man called ''Amr the Sulaimi
 a man of action who at any cost is ready to extract revenge. 
 Although every woman is different, most of them seek a man who can maintain a relationship that transcends. 
 They were in their time and still are a major marvel today; he was a marvel of a man as well. 
 CAPITALIST, noun A man who has a capital or stock in trade, usually denoting a man of large property, which is or may be employed in business. 
 Gould (Ian Holm) is a man of swiftly changing emotional weather. 
 Traced all the way back 3,300 years to the first temple in Jerusalem, a man with male ancestors who were once the temple priests is called a Kohen or Cohen. 
 I''m a man who needs to be convinced by words. 
 Manipulate a Man Portrait into Dark Wizard in Photoshop 
 The scientist–or philosopher, as they were called in medieval times–as a man of faith is a constant in Christian and Islamic civilisation. 
 The best we found, by far, was a man named Clark Esser from Anaheim, California. 
 Jesus came to me in Matthew 9 LEAD REPEAT SECOND VERSE CHORUS Matthew 9:9 As Jesus went on from there, he saw a man named Matthew sitting at the tax collector''s booth. 
 Now here you are listening to me, a giant of a man who lives alone on an island in the sea." 
 A man has been charged with possession of a class A drug after cocaine with a street value of £350
 Wamaru, a man of the Japangardi skin group from Mt. 
 about midway between Newhall and Lancaster  to the effect that a man named Hugh Boyd had been murdered by Jack Campbell  alias "three-fingered Jack
 Why is it that we cover up with our shirts and wear a bra when we are hot, but a man can be without a shirt and that''s normal? 
 a man like him all the way. 
 Doubtless known by thousands as a man of honor, I never forgot that example, and tried to pay it forward. 
 But though he was thus early made single visioned, he saw more than his contemporaries; for he was a man who mingled much in the social life of the time  and he had a variety of friends  among them Charles Brockden Brown
 Rose is a 17-year-old that is being forced to marry a man who she doesn''t love to save her family''s social standing. 
 A man who refuses to face his past is visited by his future daughter
 a man had a sad countenance  wore sombre garb  lived an austere life  quoted the Bible freely
 What other option for a mother brave enough to love a man 
 We didn''t play well after a solid start so I''m not that happy'' sums up a man possessed not only of immense talent but also insatiable hunger, a deadly combination for a sportsman. 
 but in his dying wholly and |332 entirely to the world  and to the body  and to the lusts  and to the passions  and in a man crucifying his old man with all the lusts thereof  even as Paul also spake concerning himself
 Eric was a slender, emotional guy who was far too concerned with being a man in the worst possible version of the term. 
 The suit included this line of philosophy from Leo Tolstoy: "A gentleman is a man who will pay his gambling debts even when he knows he has been cheated." 
 contacted police with information that two other vehicles were there at the time and he saw a man walking away from Johnny''s blazing car. 
 Now I felt stupid, like I was trying to one-up her husband, a man who wasn''t even there. 
 who was accustomed to listen to Callisthenes  and to receive precepts of virtue from him  took pity |141 on so great a man   undergoing punishment  not for any crime  but for freedom of speech
 (By Chert) Comment: As a Filipino he is a man for others  means what he says characterize by the intetntions of the majority with speciall attention to the poor
 a ghost of a man wracked by despair and guilt, before returning to his country in later life. 
 If the first thing we see is a man inviting his childhood friend back to town  and that man immediately kills himself
 What we have here is yet another inspirational "based on a true story" movie about a man trying to make a difference in the lives of troubled teens, albeit one that is done a bit better than the norm. 
 There''s many a man more has lost his life that same way, hey?" 
 The horse belches forth as a man , the man breaks wind as a horse. 
 True. posts on 3/23/2013 11:16:52 PM The biggest coward is a Man who awakens a woman''s love with no Intention of loving her. 
 ''He is a man who comes from this side of the Udi river.'' 
 A man we can safely hate. 
 He was the best friend a medium could ever have: a man who made history by producing one singularly solemn work of fiction after another
 Our group goals are the same as "feed a man a fish, he will be fed for a day; teach a man to fish, and he will be fed for a lifetime"! 
 There''s a lot of buzz, too, about "Old Boy," by the Korean director Chan-wook Park, about a man who is held in a private prison while his wife is murdered. 
 A group of salvagers are confronted by a man who has found a boat in the Bering Strait. 
 The seriousness of the loss of such a man to the cause he so devotedly served is best measured by the greatness of his influence and achievements. 
 He has a meeting with a man who is willing to locate and hire an assassin for the Saudi. 
 of course. when the boy grows up he will become a man 
 a false statement  or clarifying and error of such and such a man he would reject it as well but with other statements such as: o Akhi  this Shaykh is influenced by those around him o Akhi
 and their condition both alike: as man dieth  so they also die: all things do breathe alike  and a man hath not any more than beasts: who  notwithstanding  afterward putteth down his own opinion
 One year when I played in TubaChristmas at the Kennedy Center in Washington, DC, I played next to a man who worked for DARPA and who therefore probably had more to do with inventing the Internet than even Al Gore did. 
 A noble Celtic woman in the 11th century struggles with marriage to a man of ambition, and she must overcome threats to her family while assisting in the future of Scotland. 
 A woman saw a man 
 As Evelyn Waugh said of Wodehouse, "One has to admire a man as a Master who can produce on average three uniquely brilliant and entirely original similes to every page." 
 made in likeness of man and found in fashion as a man economically? 
 There is not a man in (either) place! 
 An interesting Letter (V. xix) deals with the abduction of a freed woman by a man in the servile state. 
 That was a good film about a man in an iron lung who wants to have an orgasm before he dies. 
 If seducing a man or talking dirty to him goes against what you believe in and who you are as a woman
 In 1841 Benjamin was a man servant working for Johanna Palmer at Yelland, Okehampton, Devon. 
 slitting a boyfriend''s dog''s throat right in front of him  and most infamously stabbing a man 37 times, decapitating him, hanging his body on a meat hook and attempting to feed his cooked body parts to his children. 
 In no case did I find anything said against his character as a man , until I read Wm. 
 The one on the right is a man with brown hair and a full beard - he looks directly at me and seems to be quite full of energy. 
 A man is jumping up and down in a pool of blood and not a single person is even looking at him. 
 and the magician was bursting forth to light  he became aware of something (either as being a man clever in wickedness and without a rival in impiety  or whether he was put up to it by those who anointed him for this end)
 "so far did his contempt for his bodily organs go  that he refused to use a remedy  regarding it as unworthy of a man to use means of this kind". 
 Afternoon heard Mr Dunscombe from John 4:29 Come, see a man , which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ? 
 The suit, meant for the "Champion of Earth", a man 
 But Lana wants Enzio as her loving Master, and Dom 241 as the masked brute of a man who takes her roughly. 
 They are women who have mastered the art of making a man 
 You are not only a gifted surgeon but also a man I respect and admire." 
 When the miller gouges out a farmhand''s eyes, the boy runs away and is taken in by a man who sells birds. 
 If your home doesn''t have the space to accommodate a man cave, you might need to make some significant adjustments. 
 In many ways an artistic nature unfits a man for practical existence. 
 of a man seeking a driver to help him commit suicide  and makes it as American and Edward Hopper as night movie ticket windows
 But due to overcrowding, her favorite young patient''s new roommate is an adult– a man who catches Skye completely off guard. 
 Courage Is Not A Man With A Gun In His Hand Essay 
 Aside from the pigs, the family was composed of a man and wife and three or four children. 
 For me, American humorist, Josh Billings says it best: " It ain''t no disgrace for a man to fall, but to lie there and grunt is." 
 Police in Kabale are holding a man for beating and killing a teenager on the allegations of trespassing. 
 If I were a man , no one would even question my behavior. 
 A man is swerving in front of me, screaming loudly as he does so. 
 Brandon Lee  who achieved the posthumous status of a legend in his own right for his haunting portrayal of a man who returns from the dead to avenge his own murder. 
 Got a man in mind who loves to keep fit? 
 Random quote: "I have never met a cigar smoker who wasn''t a man of quality. 
 The list includes a man police believe was in charge of logistics for the ill-fated convention that ended in blood and tears. 
 which features possibly the first mention of Halloween costumes in fiction  and involves a man possessed by his vampire get-up. 
 Like the brickyard," he said, rubbing the sides of his nose with both forefingers, like a man just waking up. 
 He was a man 
 He merely said his first real love was a man , and that that love was a very intense thing compared to what he''d experienced in the past. 
 Apparently, Long Time Underground is Carter''s first ever solo studio recording, which is surprising for a man 
 Anthony Capone, a man that has an affair with Stefano Buffolino. 
 It will almost make a man who knows the situation vomit, the way they talk. 
 There is no poet, no author, no sage, That can ever teach us to be a Man in this crazy age. 
 Vinod Khanna plays a man who is not interested in studies and is constantly rebuked by his rich father for being no good. 
 Because most girls need a man ! 
 "There used to be a man who had a saloon down by the river," Mr. Stotten said. 
 "Near this place lyeth the body of Andrew Marvell, Esq., a man so endowed by Nature  so improved by Education  Study  and Travel  so consummated by Experience  that
 This is an opportunity to better understand a man who not only reflects America''s pain, but its possibilities... 
 The truth is that we have a man in the White House who does a lot of good for Christian causes. 
 Counsel, in a prosecution for selling a tobacco substitute, has stated that there is nothing in the Act to prevent a man from smoking what he likes. 
 someone he may be able to learn a lot from  provided the elder warrior proves willing to impart his knowledge onto a man who was left low in from the events of the first season finale. 
 Police were then called to the area of Violet Crescent for a man allegedly walking down the street causing a disturbance. 
" in which two women talk to each other about something besides a man ) and  in honor of the director and Sundance alumna Ava DuVernay  what might be called the DuVernay test
 By refusing to compromise, he''s blindsided when she moves in with a man who''s already stolen so much from him. 
 Looking destined for overtime Saturday against Northern Virginia Community College and playing a man down
 A. Just about the same thing I look for in a man . 
 I want to be a man of my time  that''s why I instantly was attracted to rap
 He said he was grubbing for a man who intended to settle there; and the reason why he did it was  that he had no meat for his family
 Other English doctors reported in 2001 a case where a man who had suffered from eczema for 18 years, noticed his dog sniffing at the disturbed skin, even through his trousers. 
 <2004 "If Schwarzenegger speaks tonight the way he has in the past, you will see a man who, far from feeling burdened by the cares of the budget wars, is actually having A GAS." 
 which had defined marriage as between a man and a woman  didn''t stand a chance in court
 a big fats and oils producer  said to me  ''I just heard this terrifying talk by a man in a company who does all the cleaning for fast food restaurants.'' 
 My partner was a man , whom I love very much, my great friend Sasha Revva. 
 I''m a man who subscribes to men''s interest magazines. 
 Like the cry one hears at sea when a man has fallen overboard this alarm can never be mistaken when once it has been heard. 
 sermons  funeral verses  etc. One of the first books printed in Hartford was paid for largely by a man who ran a woollen mill in the vicinity. 
 Is it safe to dismiss an assault that a man committed in early adolescence when considering dating him as an adult? 
 A man 
 When Lady Macbeth questions Macbeth''s abilities to be a man , this only made his desire for power increase even higher. 
 The Police told our reporter that two kids who were going to draw the water early this morning were shocked to see a man with tied legs and arms, completely naked and dumped into the swamp near Ibanda central police station. 
 It sees a man return to the scene where he lost his father, a stocky sheriff. 
 The night before, a man used the drive-through window to enter the restaurant
 If I have a switch group of phoeneme shapes for a girl''s mouth, then I want to re-use it for a man . 
 Their act of helpless damsel in distress and a beast of a man preying on the woman got them the information Jamie needed to help them in their upcoming battle against the English. 
 And at their head, Sergio was a man of extraordinary grace and ability, as many who knew him will testify. 
 Lavatory waste from a flying plane rained down on a man and his garden in Windsor in a "one in a billion" episode, a council meeting has heard 
 Two Danish trekkers, a man and woman in their early thirties–Emilie Joergensen and Andreas Rasch–also survived. 
 On Tuesday night, a man 
 Last February, a man at another Argentinian beach caught a baby Franciscana dolphin and brought it ashore for a few snaps. 
How does a man standing on a bucket with mud as lubricant on his penis >settle down, especially with a filly? 
 My interviews have revealed a man who displays circumstantially inappropriate joviality, belying the seriousness of his station. 
 "I have faith in the Ghanaian people that they would never vote into power such a man 
 the pastor asked me where women came from and I refused to say from the rib of a man because fuck that. 
 a man 
 Amazing!!❤ عاشوا الربع 👏👏 al7raki Those Kenyans are good runners! 😉 Hell, I can run faster than that....but, I''m a man . 
 The Elder Son of Wolfgang: A man named British arrived in our lands and rallied the people to his side. 
 Officers responding to a 911 call that a man had shot himself approached wheelchair-bound McDole and ordered him to show his hands and drop his gun. 
 For an Israeli leader to praise Syria''s leader as a man who had made his country strong, independent, and self-confident was strange enough. 
 A man died in a house fire in Aransas County after rescuers could not get to him late Friday or early Saturday
 Apparently there''s a TikTok circulating where a man kills himself with a shotgun? 
 The message comes with a picture showing a man marrying a dead girl, claiming that he is marrying his dead girl friend who died in a car crash. 
 A man 
 In fact, thinking of Play It Again, Sam, which is about a man imagining Humphrey Bogart giving him advice on romance  made me wonder why you chose Gene as opposed to  say
 You don''t expatriate from your native and natural estate as a man or woman of the soil of this country represented by the union of states called The United States, do you? 
 Has Mary just accepted the marriage request of a man ready for anything for power? 
 Ariel expresses his outrage at Cordelia''s rash decision and calls her weak and afraid to finally let a man be the Supreme–something that her mother, Jessica Lange''s Fiona, used to believe. 
 The crowd jeers and the calliope screams, but because Phelps is not, after all, an entire civilization, but only a man , he only has eyes for his wife. 
 One 39-year-old woman was first sold in a slave market in Raqqa [Syria] to a man called Abu Yassir, then to a man she knew as Akash, then to Abu Yahya, and finally to Abu Mahajar. 
 one of Moore''s charges and a man Trujillo calls her godson. 
 It''s about a man who mails himself to his girlfriend as a present. 
 The highly anticipated film tells the unsettling story of a man whose life gets turned upside down when someone tries to shoot him. 
 June 1 – New York City police have charged a man with a hate crime after he was arrested for an unprovoked assault on a 55-year old Asian woman in the Chinatown area
 A man 
 A blonde lady motorist was about two hours from the Gold Coast when she was flagged down by a man whose truck had broken down. 
 I know a man who strips naked to give massages to the straight wealthy established men who go to an exclusive men''s health club. 
 I am a man who is not concerned with past or future. 
 If a man wants to rescue himself from the fire of ignorance... 
 but here  since death came into the world through a man  therefore through a Man comes Life; and by way of a Man who has died, in order to put to death what kills." 
 a Vietnam War veteran suffering from acute shellshock and post-traumatic stress  a man in possession of an advanced state of consciousness
 In the end, you come away with a man who still doesn''t accept responsibility for anything (except his divorce). 
 I was nineteen, just married a few Months to a man I only knew two days before accepting his Proposal, living 3,318 miles from my parents in a Big city I didn''t understand. 
 But for now they are not only in thrall to a man who is mentally ill
 c) When I walked the earth as a man , I was a teller of tales, never short for words. 
 A man 
 He is shown in art as a satyr: a man with the legs, horns and beard of a goat, not unlike that of Mr. Tumnus from The Chronicles of Narnia. 
 When a man is fortunate enough to have several, he finds they are all different. 
 By Emily Allen, FOX 31 Denver DENVER -- A homeowner is warning others after a man stole his doorbell camera he used to stop thefts and other crimes ... 
 The greatest sword maker in all of Europe, though, is a man named Domingo Montoya, who lives in obscurity in the hills above Toledo. 
 A man who has blown all his options can''t afford the luxury of changing his ways. 
 A man of deep and abiding faith, Carl Albright promoted the public good in everything he did. 
 I am married to a man who wooed me over the Internet and lured me to America, where I am currently owned by a cat. 
 Chicago police are investigating after an off-duty officer shot a man during a confrontation on the city''s Northwest Side Friday night. 
 and we actually delve into the character as he transforms into a man . 
 A man 
 (SALEM, Ore.) - The suspect, Richard R Mershon, was reported to have gotten into an argument with a man that led to a physical fight. 
 A man who cooks, listens intently and loves his children. 
 "He was no inventor–he was simply a man who seized an idea whose time was ripe and begged  ordered
 But when a man ain''t got nothing left, what then?" 
 a man 
 Kieslowski is also a man who relies heavily on symbolism to convey his story
 Overview: A man stumbles out of an apartment, shot to death. 
 burning Jake''s delicate skin as he clings to her chest  her face stricken with shock as a man , his father, facedown shoots by her, spinning on the fierce current''s surface as if trying to swim. 
 Bizarre divorce proceedings A man in Tarritville, Connecticut, filed for divorce because his wife left him a note on the refrigerator which read... 
 In America a man 
 The top panel on the west face shows a man carrying a cross, below this under a segmental-headed panel there are two figures embracing. 
 If a man commits evil, he hopes, he shall have time to reform, and promises to repent at a future day. 
 Danilo Payamps Pacheco, 21, was arrested Friday, a day after authorities released a surveillance image of a man with his hair in a bun seen fleeing the scene of the machete... 
 A man waits alone in a prison cell in Pentridge Prison in Coburg, Victoria. 
 Bad boy Mace is an alpha male and a man of action. 
 On 27 October 2020, the Alingsås District Court sentenced a man in his fifties for one year and four months in prison for aggravated crime against protected species and smuggling. 
 In addition, ten comic songs which were published in A Man of a Few More Words are also available in The Swan Morrison Songbook. 
 there will then be four problems; as in the case of a statement that it is a property of a man in relation to a horse for the former to be a biped and the latter a quadruped. 
 Amidst the choking smoke a man , woman and little girl sat back to back on chairs unable to move due to the ropes tied around them. 
 A man created and raised to be a carbon copy of his father: Colonel Maximilian Nexor  brilliant strategist  dedicated Nazi
 Or, as Todd Gitlin puts it, Bush is a man "with a ferocious will who fumbles in search of reasons to explain why he does what he feels like doing." 
 By the following morning, Ryan and Mr. Wilson meet the producers of the show, a man named Jerry Farmer and a woman named Stella Warwick at a restaurant for breakfast. 
 Yet, here was a man named Jesus who appeared to Nicodemus as one for whom God was obviously alive and hard at work. 
 He said he was still curious about dating a man but just really needed to take things very slow. 
 To pray, Jesus knew, is to be a man carrying a man . 8 ( Complete Poem not printed because of Copyright Concerns.) 
 The notion that only a man can propose
 Kelly: [ to Soldier1 ] You and your goons removed a man from the south settlement yesterday. 
 The life of such a man would seem to be one sure progress from honour to honour. 
 IN 1954, A young English journalist named Ronald Downing traveled to the Midlands to call on a man about whom he had heard only fleeting reports. 
 This is a man who believes not in Nazism but in the licence Nazism gives
 When Gillian meets him, he proves to be far more of a man than her father is, yet he is unwilling to be a lover to Gillian. 
 The great Master said: "I came not to send peace, but a sword; for I come to set a man at variance against his father  and the daughter against her mother
 when he rises in the morning  if he observes and keeps these rules  bathes as a man of fidelity  eats as a modest man; in like manner
 we even add to it the profession of a philosopher  which is as heavy a burden  as if a man who is unable to bear ten pounds should attempt to raise the stone which Ajax lifted. 
 Eventually they discovered that the communicating spirit was a man named Charles B. Rosna, who had been murdered by the previous owner of the house. 
 Moral panic behind stories like the police officer who arrested a man 
 During the 1350s, a man claiming to be King Jean I appeared in Provence. 
 Evidently it was a 1965 play by Julian Mitchell based on a novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett about a man who fathers a child by his aged uncle''s young wife. 
 A man in S&M doesn''t want to do that. 
 When I was with a man in South America, no local looked twice at me. 
 As to General Hancock, you may set it down as certain that the South will never lend their aid to elect a man who helped to put down the Rebellion. 
 as when a Washington State court granted a man $75,000 after a neighbor''s dog killed his cat. 
 perseverance  and unswerving fidelity to the great principles of truth and duty  will do for a man under very great disadvantages. 
 a man in his 40s and a 12-year-old girl is primarily a metaphor)
 A man was making threats Monday afternoon at an address on Seatrain Drive. 
 The selection of such a man to pronounce the eulogy on Shelley was in keeping with the whole proceedings at Horsham
 Just as Willow was about to run her hands up Buffy''s back, both girls heard a man clearing his throat loudly. 
 "LET A WOMAN BE A WOMAN (AND A MAN BE A MAN)" Written by Arlester Christian Performed by Dyke & The Blazers Courtesy of Original Sound Entertianment 
 it is the twenty-third chapter of Matthew''s Gospel (and I wonder when was the last time you heard a man of God preach from this much neglected chapter). 
 "One of my agents," she explained, " a man I helped two years ago. 
 Along the way, Cicero put down conspiracies, won acquittal for a man convicted of parricide
 Gene Dickey, a dilettante lawyer and devoted gambler with roots in the north Georgia woods, was a man of sport blood-sport of a ungentlemanly kind: cockfights  to name one  and coon-on-a-log
 However, Flute is disturbed at being assigned Thisby''s role because he wants to imagine himself a man rather than a boy (not because he''s worried about playing a woman)
 Kraftwerk meets Gary Numan, with a man screaming over the top. 
 As stoic as he seems, as conservative as he seems, he is a man who is interested in embracing change. 
 Naysayers, however, assert that the winged version is too obviously a puppet or a man in a costume. 
 A man 
 This is natural enough, the bravest weapon being generally the shortest--that which places a man hand to hand with his opponent. 
 "No One Can Be Called A Man As He Dies" is when the epic length and structures of the album begin to take their toll. 
 A man called Mr Vogel called round once a month, to collect the rent. 
 A man walks on a balsa board laid across a trenchant ditch. 
 and this is unsettlingly clear in some reviews of Against the Day: how  in a post-9/11 world  could a man make heroes of the Chumps of Choice  of the freewheeling
 Of all the ways a man can die, I have to think this is the worst. 
 a man continually to improve the dwelling which he trusts will be inhabited by some portion of his family after him
 I suppose you admire a man with the complexion of a cochon de lait." 
 " A man who won''t let me get away with my selfishness." 
 One day a man came to visit. 
 She also follows Ben to a house that at first seems to be his, but upon seeing a man enter the house  Carter quickly realizes that Ben is breaking and entering
 Because a marriage, to these people, the man, the woman, their families, their nation, is not a matter of a man and a woman. 
 Do not you think this is somewhat as if a man were to accuse another of theft
 And such pandering was duly rewarded by Falwell, once a man of principle but now a man who, in Cal Thomas'' term, is blinded by might. 
 Or do you measure a man how kind he/she is? 
 You know, Chaz is a man now, but I bet she still fights like a girl like the rest of us, and she''s not as strong as a man who was born a man." 
 Nothing is more odious than for a man to have no love for a virtuous life
 Centre niche shows elephant holding a man upside down. 
 The charge was $2 for a wagon drawn by two horses, $2.50 for a wagon with four horses, $1 for a man on a horse and 10 cents each for loose cattle and horses. 
 Even with the Francophile and bohemian Americans to help her, even with Strether at her side ( a man most thoroughly intoxicated with the idea (l''idee) of Paris, de Vionnet cannot win. 
 Signed Malraux is a true work of literature. . . . In this book, Lyotard gives us a portrait of a man who carved his own place in a bewildering world despite being haunted by death. 
 Marriage can only be chosen by a man and a woman. 
 A man we later learn was the Grand Master of the Priory of Sion. 
 Anya hears a song beginning outside, something about a man getting mustard on his favorite shirt. 
 A man , a neighbor, broke open the door, and so Nana found her. 
 a man who understood and sympathized with the daily duties and problems of the "guys in the trenches". 
 A man 
 a man utterly unworthy of the sacred office
 In the revised version, Curtis said a man jumped into the driver''s seat of her car and reached for the keys  coming up empty
 but he was going through so much in his life -- I mean  when you''re wondering whether you are a man or a woman, arithmetic doesn''t really matter." 
 another member of the media ( a man ) joked to a male government staffer, "She''s the arts reporter and is only here to cover what Dunderdale is wearing." 
 Such is its impetus that it would cut a man in two should he chance to be in the way of the stream, even at a considerable distance from the pipe. 
 Barely had the museum opened its door when a man identified as Frank L. charged past security and proceeded to rip off Hitler''s head and smash it into his desk
 Do the people making this argument really expect a man 
 God literally created the world in 6 days; God created Eve from Adam''s rib; the Garden of Eden was a real place; Noah was a man who actually lived, built an ark and survived a great flood, and so on. 
 But if you actually want to get a man to respond to you  the trick seems to be to stick to the classic flirty emojis  from the winking kissy face to the cute
 While the preceding sentences seem to build the case as to why cults and false religions value Jesus as a man yet not as the Son of God
 In this way a man may travel a great distance and see no water  yet cross the beds of streams every little while
 It carries a gentle authority from a man 
 Finally, a man named Syneros even argued for "three Natures." 
 But a man does not rise from stake driver to General Superintendent in nine years without some very good reason. 
 A man who orchestrated and perpetuated heinous crimes against humanity  committed war crimes; genocide
 This condition occurs when multiple blood vessels adhere to the vas deferens that then become injured when a man has a vasectomy. 
 I would love to have a man cave to smoke in. 
 "It uses the blood of a man , the bones of a child, andï¿1⁄2something called ''The Word of Valios?'' 
 Hence, procreating with a woman with a high amount of stress could be more difficult, so it would make sense for a man to be attracted to a mate with less stress and a better chance of conception. 
 At the end of the dock, a man cleans the anglers'' bounty, tossing the guts into the drink. 
 A man in his 80s dated Kakehi around the time of her husband''s death. 
 Ayane looked to her right and saw a man and woman casting spells behind a crate barrier. 
 No! let him put on the spirit of a man , and conquer all the adverse fates that obstruct his way. 
 At fifteen I really was in over my head, but, at sixteen I discovered I could do most of the hard work of a man which I couldn''t at fifteen. 
 Zell Miller''s speech was (properly) perceived as a man angry at having been betrayed by his own party
 To achieve this study, two fictitious profiles were created: one representing a charismatic man and the other a man of average beauty with a promising future. 
 At one point in 2017, Bloom had agreed to represent disgraced media mogul Harvey Weinstein – a man whose reputation has become as tainted as Cosby''s. 
 The group consisted of a man , serious, with the kind of chin one rubbed ponderously and lips that seemed permanently let down. 
 but on the way discovers the body of a man that has been dried out by the fierce Australian sun. 
 The first time anyone told me ''to be a man '', I was eight years old. 
 This is possible even in a man : much more so in God, whose every decision is free from blame. 
 She also strikes up a romance with Leif, a man who recently moved to the area himself along with his teenage step-daughter, Courtney. 
 Getting all that She can out of Life !!! A Man 
 However, Mortimer has some additional information, which he did not disclose earlier to protect his reputation as a man of science and to ensure that a tenant could be found. 
 Peter--" The crowd  which had swelled momentarily  surged  opened  and a man on horseback pushed his way towards me, a man in some disorder of dress, as though he had clothed himself in a hurry. 
 On several occasions she zig-zagged between progressive politics and a middle course. ... But Biden is also a man of the middle way. 
 a man who was in a relationship with Jenner''s sister  Khloé Kardashian  and is also the father of Kardashian''s daughter
 A Man of the People is a satirical story of mentorship, romance, revenge, and chance. 
 Bodie was that morning a man of many moods. 
 Xena says they don''t know if it was him and Xena won''t stand for killing a man who might be innocent. 
 If a man is smooth with his words, then his body language should be just as smooth. 
 however futile may be some of the discussions of pacifists  is the heritage which even so wrong-headed a man as Alexander I has left to the world. 
 Here are some sentences about a man called Stevie. 
 Being a man of principle
 stumbled often even erred during the most testing days of his career and stood now a batsman reformed  a man corrected and a cricketer rejuvenated. 
 He who obtains eternal redemption for sinners by the shedding of his blood as a man must himself be the eternal God. 
 The name meant nothing to Princess Rapunzel, who was so desperate for a man she would have accepted someone of even lower stature. 
 But yes, science has found that when it comes to men, a man who plays hard to get is more likely to attract the attention of a female. 
 The advertisement shows a man turning on his webcam while playing online poker. 
 These include a man trap  banned in the eighteenth century  poacher''s equipment  including a collapsible fishing rod
 a man 
 Eustis is a man who appears to be very well satisfied with himself and with everything about him. 
 I like a man of action. 
 He did not hesitate to declare that his views on religious subjects were liberal--a bold announcement for a man to make in Hampton. 
 13 A Man Helps An Abandoned Baby 
 If happiness truly consisted of physical ease and freedom from care, then the happiest individual would not be either a man or a woman; it would be, I think, an American cow. 
 Do they think a man like me is to be bamboozled by their buffoonery?" 
 Why, what need of oath if a man be but true? 
 She said that when Watson returned home briefly in 1968 he was changed, spoke of impending "revolution" and of " a man called Jesus who was named Manson." 
 I could never fathom how a man dares to lift up his voice to preach in a cathedral. 
 David was described as " a man after God''s own heart"  and previously we saw how he was humble  believing  patient
 All you have to do is to let her see that you are a man , a real man. 
 Unfortunately for him, the laws in Switzerland are slightly different and deem a man responsible for a child if he continuously denies paternity. 
 stood up before Smith and asked in solemn tones if it were possible that he saw a man who was a prophet and who had conversed with the Saviour. 
 From director Michael Haneke, a man known for depicting graphic realism in his films  The Piano Teacher is a strange
 As Captain Giles of The Shadow-Line, an exemplar of the code, put it, " a man should stand up to his bad luck, to his mistakes, to his conscience, and all that sort of thing" (The Shadow-Line, 131). 
 What we mean when we say that a man ''knows'' is only what he ''discovers'' by taking the cover off his own soul. 
 Tommy says that when they want to kill a man they prowl after him for five miles, and then come back as silently as they went. 
 The poet was a rag of a man , dark, little, and lean, with hollow cheeks and thin black locks. 
 If a man gets a prisoner to guard and lets him go, the least he can expect is to be degraded.'' 
 If he had, would he not jump at the idea of going to Squire Merton, a man you all know? 
 _The Spectacled Gentleman_ (_letting the Assistant out of the pillory, with the air of a man who does not often unbend to these frivolities_). 
 Westbury, NY - September 20th, 2013 - According to detectives, A Third Precinct Police Officer responded to a call of a man walking and acting suspiciously in front of TGI Friday''s located at 829 Merrick Avenue. 
 He''s a man with power  resources  access  and apparently  no moral filter  or  at least
 I can ''sh*t talk like a man ''. 
 Why would you give a lot of money to a man you could just blackmail? 
 Thankfully, Paige has made him believe that a man can''t perform in a women''s division matchup. 
 The antagonist in this epic sequel is none other than Peter Quill''s father, a man who goes by the name of Ego. 
 So far, her humanitarian trip has gone perfectly–that is, until she sees a picture of a man she thinks is her father in the newspaper. 
 A man 
" says Apollodorus  "that the giants could never be conquered except by the help of a man ." 
 (The release even included a statement from VICE founder Suroosh Alve, who praised Schumer as a man "who clearly knows his music" and for going to bat for "countless New York City Concert-goers." 
 If you love a man , but your relationship has not been the best lately, you can improve it. 
 You definitely know of a man who you know to stay away from." 
 · Go snivel before a man , or snuggle up to the Almighty! 
 She settled for a man with a royal connection – his father had been co pilot to Prince Philip. 
 SCPD are seeking a man wanted for questioning regarding a Holbrook stabbing. 
 "Another story was about a man named Funes who could remember everything he ever experienced in incredible detail. 
 The greatest responsibility ever placed upon a man is the responsibility of the Word of God. 
 At the same time, it reminds me a fiction book – a diary of a man watching a sorcerer and sharing his observations and worries with the reader. 
 than that answers to prayer depended on a man being ''devout'' and doing the Will of God. 
 Nettie Stevens - Discovered chromosomes determined sex, when she sent her work to a man for peer review, he published a book of her work passing it off as his own and named her a technician. 
 I just love it that they have a female doing it rather than a man . 
 All of it, especially how she was like, I don''t want this part that''s subservient to a man . 
 A MAN who claims to have 2
 The documentary is from a man from the Netherlands I believe. 
 This is a man that resented his brother all his life and was so jealous of him, that the Island was not big enough for both of them. 
 Here comes a man with a spot that looks like leprosy. 
 And when the king came in to see the guests, he noticed a man there who was not dressed in proper attire for the wedding feast; And he said to him  ''Friend
 "No problem; I''m going in," several feet below outside the tall fences, there was a man with red hair and blue eyes by the name of Comet. 
 We were got to the edge of the bank, the usual place of embarking, when Providence sent a man to stop us. 
 He''d probably be unemployed had a man named "Jim Bob Cooter" not saved the Lions'' 2015. 
 Intgah God says right .. al-Qathafi is both a man and an angel with a pleasant manner  who saved the Holy Quran
 A man 
 The only evidence was the word of a drunken couple who claimed they saw a man with a black beard walking with the child. 
 That''s the hardest thing of all: to have so deeply loved a man who has vanished like fog before the sunlight of truth. 
 I want to tell you a story about a man called Bob. 
 A man should not demand complete devotion from a spouse. 
 Police and the pair returned and two other people – a man in shorts and a woman, both who appeared to be in their 30s – were then removed from the plane, he said. 
 s attention Our prices are guaranteed to be the wigs long hair extensions factors like heat for make a man feel younger and better cartier replica chopard watches or seasons with friends relatives. 
 Subconscious stereotypes that a man is the leader in sex bothers your partner because it doesn''t connect your behavior and his wishes
 In 2007 a man 
 INDIANAPOLIS – A man 
 Grant Wehrli if your really a conservative why are you endorsing a man who has taxpayer funded abortions on his platform and signed the sanctuary state? 
 Feb. 5  10 to 11 a.m. Come out for a simply told story about a man who falls asleep while chopping down a kapok tree and how the forest''s inhabitants teach him about the [...] 
 Inside the visitors'' dugout, the Nationals - to a man - 
 After I laughed at the shell of a man who thought he could entertain the masses with shoddy (and aimed-at-toddlers) tricks and juggling skills attempts
 as well as for the cathedral and the Church of England that Brandon Jackson should have found in Rex Davis a man who was his equal in determination and his superior in tactical skill. 
 You''re watching Passport to Europe at 12 in the morning and Samantha is eating goulash with a man named Milosh and want to leap out of bed to post it on the boards. 
 Even myself – a 40+ single woman cannot get a date with a man my age without sex being a part of that relationship. 
 She tells them there was a man in their room, he was wearing a mask. 
 This is a re-telling of an Iraqi folktale that has a young girl, one of seven daughters, disguising herself as a man and making a living to support her family. 
 (b) a man and a woman who are not married but are cohabiting as spouses; or 
 Laws that force a man to steal and hang around until he gets caught are not right or just. 
 and for my immigrant father''s memory... a man who thought he had escaped the creeping Nanny State to find a free
 "The martyr, according to Islamic rule, is a man who fights the enemy and sacrifice his life while defending his religion  his homeland  his wives'' respect
 A small village in Mexico has suffered the raids of a bandit group under a man named Calvera for years. 
 She deserves a man who is totally committed to her. 
 Yet they started the season about as poorly as they could without playing a man short, and they''re still 5 games below .500 and well out of the playoff race. 
 Bill is more of a man that Ridge. 
 Steffy asks if he thought she would give herself to a man she had no feelings for. 
 I''m going to become a man of God and see if that changes my wife / [Tony''s] mother." 
 A man came from the General Store and brought her supplies every week, and she kept herself to herself. 
 A man came in about noon whom we had seen on the trail coming to the diggings. . . . This fellow reported having been on
 Jackson was publicly humiliated on national television, forced to apologize and now a man who was just as much a part of it is getting his redemption. 
 Kiss a man ? 
 Michael advises a man in peril. 
 Jason and Courtney talked to Michael and got him to say he remembered a man being with Carly when she disappeared. 
 original artifacts  folk art and illustrations to reveal the complexity of a man who has been described as a poet, musician, protestor, idealist, hobo and folk legend. 
 "A society where genetic tests can prove that a man is not the father of a child
 A man 
 The width should be as wide as possible. 1.5 meters will work for a man no taller than six feet and is a common width at fabric stores. 
 Mr. Helton was a man of considerable property and not in the habit of drinking. 
 Liza sits at the Confusion bar and exchanges glances with a man sitting across from her. 
 Shes seated next to a man who looks exactly like the late Zander Smith and the two hit it off. 
 he tradition of a man with an engagement or wedding ring, do not have a long history. 
 Chloe finds Kevins cell phone on the counter, dials the number of the last call, and finds that it is a man . 
 "Post Traumatic Stress Disorder" Judges'' comments: This powerful set of photos revisits the life of a man three years after he appeared in an iconic image. 2nd Place: Robert Gauthier  Los Angeles Times
 He also was a man who had a lot of favoritism in the family. 
 From the monitor, Katherines voice can be heard ordering Alistair down to face her like a man . 
 The scene is eloquently set; Castle, a man pushed to the brink of extinction  aged far past his prime
 Though considering this Obama voter''s disappointment, I only wish Hillary would, well..... a man can dream.... 
 Indianapolis – Police arrested a man early Friday for allegedly shooting a pregnant bank teller during a robbery, causing her to lose her twins. 
 Surprisingly for a man of his wealth and social position
 It''s funny how a man will pay £2 for a £1 item that he needs  whereas a woman  especially my wife  will pay £1 for a £2 item that she dosn''t need
 Everyone knows that if a man "is not worth his salt" he is discharged
 a man so brilliant, heartless and ruthless that even powerful crime lords quake in fear of him. 
 So, I went to Spain to work with one of the greatest directors of the era, a man whom I deeply admired. 
 It didn''t seem to make a difference if the actor was a man or a woman. 
 A man who lost his wife and his family and cannot survive in the world as it is. 
 A man must be a ballast, a force of stability, providing an even-keeled environment to raise emotionally mature youth. 
 The Chess Collection was the gift of a man with a deep enthusiasm for the game, but it was not his only passion. 
 Walpole''s story that Egmont ''was scarce a man before he had a scheme of assembling the Jews
 Then we have Wasim Akram shaking everybody up; he certainly was a colossus of a man . 
 For any man to charge a man upon a single letter is to let in accusation upon all courts of justice''. 
 Maati is the poet for whom Otah once did a kindness that was not a kindness, a man both weak and strong, who longs for the honor of holding an andat within his power but recognizes, too, the wrong of it. 
 Masquerading as a man was against the law and this law was taken seriously. 
 I think it was Dr. Harry Ironside who used to occupy this pulpit many years ago who said that it''ll be just as if a man is running from a house, and the house is burning and it collapses behind him. 
 A part of what we''re talking about here is a man who sacrificially goes out there and conquers kingdoms for his wife. 
 There are times when a man is born with an extremely tight foreskin. 
 If you''re a man of honor, you will say, "I was unloving," rather than saying, "You were disrespectful and you caused me to be unloving." 
 But chasing a man based on his status in the Catholic Church without any proof is a witch-hunt. 
 Alyasiri was raised by a single mother - which drives his passion to help women and children who don''t have a man to support their family. 
 His colleague Richard Martin, who admitted that Dunlo was '' a man of business and keeps his affairs in excellent order'' and that he was ''punctual'' in his parliamentary attendance
 SAN ANTONIO – A Texas father shot and killed a man who threatened his family during a botched robbery at a fast food restaurant. 
 If I''m walking alone at night and you are a man between the ages of 20 and 60 and your gait looks even remotely confident, I''m terrified of you. 
 borrow-a-sperm  buy-an-egg  borrow-an-egg  Russian Roulette let''s make a baby  cut off my breast that will make me a man but I''ll keep female organs to make babies  no amount of sex toys
 His shortcomings aren''t glossed over either - he''s a man with some serious ''issues''. 
 I am reminded of a recent Ohio news item where a man 
 very cheerful, orderly, active, acute as a man of business, and most kindly in his consideration and thought for the welfare and happiness of all about him. 
 Dave: But God''s providence raised a man of God from a situation you would think, "It doesn''t happen." 
 pictured at top)  about a man paralysed after being shot by a policeman and waiting in vain for his compensation money
 The reasons Parry had for contacting such a man and making such proposals can only be guessed
 "To a man , they are all in incredible shape," Scialabba noted. 
 One has to look into the cause of why something is happening - why a man has been murderous, why a man has been suicidal, why a man has been a thief, why a man has been committing all kinds of crimes. 
 GM''s problem is that its sales and marketing is headed by Mark LaNeve, a man who couldn''t sell water to people dying of thirst in the desert. 
 A column calling Iran''s President Rouhani a moderate (interesting moniker for a man who won''t admit the Holocaust occurred). 
 Nothing is said about how attractive or buff you are in being a man , or your athletic abilities, or your star power, how much stuff you have, or what kind of degrees and positions you hold. 
 He knew then. that even a discourse by a Sage cannot hold meaning for a man who approaches it in anger and agitation. 
 and "their" bodies  they should not be allowed to make the choice of if a man becomes a father or not. 
 The biggest treat is Wendy Williams (Think Like a Man   Think Like a Man Too) as Pastor Ruth
 Because a man could torture a woman by saying this: No, you can never withhold, and right now is the time. 
 health and wellbeing of residents " according to a letter from the Department that was received yesterday by a man whose aunt lives in the Village. 
 This identification was based upon the visual evidence: a man , seated at a desk, contemplating a book. 
 the only way a woman can be seen as liberated is if she takes on what was the traditional male career role in the same way as a man , i.e. working with taking very little time off for family matters. 
 Etiquette used to dictate that a man should spend at least a month''s salary on the engagement ring
 but before he arrived in the UK he was a man that had already built several careers for himself. 
 He gets to be 7 now, and a man only when he is an adult. 
 And because of the Western psychology, the whole educational system supports the idea that a man becomes mature as he attains a more and more crystallized ego. 
 It was a tremendous phenomenon, something miraculous had happened - a man had become a matriculate. 
 So whenever a man really comes to know, knowledge is forgotten. 
 Or els what shall a man geve to redeme his soule agayne with all? 
 Now, who is going to join such a man ? 
 The film reflects the conciliatory, almost mystical mood of a man who emerged from prison as a mediator, philosopher and president-in-waiting. 
 I will add further what he says he learned when he was himself with the same army, concerning the actions of a man that was a Jew. 
 For a poet even a tree is a person, even animals are people; for a scientist even a man or a woman is nothing but an object. 
 A man of scripture, particularly Buddhist, because in Buddhism the guru is not accepted. 
 If a man is actuated in religion mainly by desire to save himself
 With a man on first and one out, he fell behind Aaron Hicks 3-1 and struck him out. 
 He would ask Eknath again and again, "I cannot believe that a man can be so innocent as you, so saintly, so holy. 
 a man if requests by women are routinely agreed to but not by men. 
 Oscar Freire stormed past all his rivals on the seaside town of Sanremo, along the Marelunga, like a man possessed. 
 July 22  2016  there were at least nine people killed at a Munich shopping mall in the midst of a shooting rampage by a man who was originally believed to be a terrorist. 
 A man who is fearless is neither a coward nor brave, he is neither - he cannot be because he is simply fearless. 
 A man who rejects anything does not know what he is doing. 
 So a man like Bertrand Russell, a man of great genius, wrote the book in favor of Khrushchev. 
 Finally, why do you consider Calvin an authority – surely, he is just a man, and a man much removed from Jesus in terms of time. 
 meant that she was regularly mistaken for a man . 
 Even your moments of happiness are lower, far lower than the moments of sadness of a man who is standing at the door - because the whole situation has changed. 
 Dzhabrailov was a man to be feared. 
 Speaking as a man who''s faithful to his wedding vows (despite extended periods of abstinence)
 Mahavira has said that if a man becomes empty just for forty-eight minutes, that is sufficient. 
 A man wants to establish his superiority over the others in his neighbourhood. 
 If a man comes and bows at my feet and gets well
 "Dingell is, just deep in his bones, a man of the House," congressional expert Norm Ornstein, who has known Dingell for decades, said. 
 and coming forward about their own assaults when "being a man " falsely means always being ready for sex. 
 So we say, We see a man in the glass  or the sun or moon in the water  ;vhen we see only an appearance. which has nothing of the real nature of a man
 a man 
 It is said that a man is known by his company. 
 If you are trying to make a man be like Jesus, you will be destructive. 
 In the afternoon, went to Colonel Hopper''s; a man of excellent sense  a member of our Society  six years sheriff of Caroline County
 A drunkard was roaming around the beach, and he saw a man , a wrestler, doing push-ups. 
 A man who discovers the collective unconscious still believes in East and West.. 
 He saw a man he knew; he was always smiling, joking - but this man''s bag was bigger than his own! 
 "I can really only remember one of the cases I was involved with where there was a man . 
 You say to a man ,''Do not be angry,'' but he is filled with chemicals, hormones, which create anger." 
 You think you are a man but there is also a woman inside you, waiting to be recognised, received, accepted. 
 The radio stations went dead one by one and the last was from a man going crazy. 
 A table is a table and not a chair, and a chair is a chair and not a dog, and a dog is a dog and not a man . 
 How can a man who doesn''t have the guts to remember the happenings of the day  who seeks forgetfulness in wine and women
 A man 
 We have seen, for the first time, a man who is worthy of being called a man. 
 Perhaps animals can fall in rapport with a man who is aware of his whole being; no language is needed. 
 A man is never where he is. 
 The story follows a man 
" to live happily ever after in a romance novel  a woman does need a man (and a man needs a woman). 
 As a girl growing up and navigating the dating world, I always had a problem with hearing the advice on not letting a man in too easily by feigning disinterest. 
 She has always insisted that a man or woman should have only one spouse. 
 A man who has repressions cannot relax, because relaxation will go against his repressions. 
 A man of Zen is basically rebellious. 
 Lunenburg District RCMP has charged a man who assaulted a police officer with a weapon on Highway 3 in Simms Settlement on Tuesday. 
 or all mischiefs together assail him; somewhat usually abideth  which well improved  or wisely enjoyed  may satisfy a man , yea render his estate comparable to theirs, who, to vulgar eyes, appear to be in the best condition. 
 This is the head of the Royal Institution, and a man who holds a professorship in the public understanding of science at Imperial, after all. 
 What is honesty If a man has no other motives for acting honestly than mere selfishness
 The passage in Moses, to which St. Paul refers, is Deut. xxi, 22, 23: "If a man have committed a sin worthy of death  and be put to death
 Photo: Pratt''s gun SAN RAFAEL – A man was arrested about a minute after a robbery was committed at a downtown pharmacy. 
 [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chain-shot ] Falmouth had been an unpopular royal favourite -- '' a man of too much pleasure to do the King any good.'' 
 Marko Conte aka Poker Totty Marko, is a man with a destiny to greatness. 
 but so much like a man in most things  that though they say there is a species of them
 A tipster, however, sent us a link to an obituary of a man named Landon Proffitt, who died in 2013. 
 More than 1,600 women are murdered each year by a man and usually with a gun. 
 Calif. – U.S. Border Patrol agents assigned to the El Centro Sector arrested a man convicted of a sexual offense Thursday afternoon, making 
 Oh yeah, a man could get used to this. 
 A man and women come crashing into Chicago Med, two Mexican immigrants being stowed away in an airplane. 
 Maybe, the Captain had seen the real crook in me or simply needed a man with handy skills to save him and his gang from possible perils of which there was a great deal in this world. 
 Practice that smug Pose it like a man One part Master Limbaugh Two parts Madame Streisand Now pretend you''re in a band My  my
 "It is a fundamental tenet of the rule of law that a man is innocent until proven guilty". 
 This mess of a man is a sadly comic figure  an unstable mélange of petty terrors and grand ambitions
 Director Todd Phillips, a man generally responsible for slob comedies like The Hangover and Old School  goes a more serious
 by Kelli YouTube features a viral video from a man who wanted to chronicle his wife''s pregnancy: When I found out my wife was pregnant
 Miguel is very clearly a man 
 The film follows Wallace (Justin Long), a podcaster who drives up to the backwoods of Canada to interview a Howard, a man who wants to tell his stories to someone. 
 I''ll send a man to Mantua, where that exiled rogue is living. 
 Now I think of it as barely unisex, leaning towards feminine (not that it means that a man can''t wear it – just as a classification). 
 a man who, entering his 30s, devotes himself to yet unrecognized hopes of fame and riches. 
 A man whose insecurities and likely mental illness make it impossible to predict what he will do. 
 who include a Latino vet with harrowing battlefield experiences in Iraq  a man who uses a wheelchair and a woman who became involved with the Nation of Islam. 
 " A Man for all Seasons from Joe''s Dartblog Dafydd ab-Hugh is less than wooed by Barack Obama''s life story.... 
 The Old Testament prohibits a man lying with a man ; but notice, the Old Testament does not prohibit a man lying with a boy. 
 There is another story going on in the illustrations on the side of a man and another cat. 
 and this we have learned  if a man is not wedded, he is, we may say, divided into two ...." This is "holy communion." 
 I have no sympathy for a man who exploits boys to satisfy his lust  wrapped in quasi-religious packaging to assuage his conscience
 The demise of shared dreams about the future, the loss of a man whose life was intertwined with yours
 Brown County Sheriff''s Deputy Joe Jackson reported seeing a man walking north on Sweetwater Trail near a church Sept. 15. 
 Abraham asks whether a man who is a hundred can father a child And our reading for today has Sarah raising it too: "Now Abraham and Sarah were old
 Lillian: Sweetheart, I loved a man very much, and I spent one night with him. 
 If Proposition 8 passes, language stating that "only marriage between a man 
 Daphne reminds me of a good friend''s mother who thinks her daughter is not complete and happy without a man !) 
 Advice from a man of the world. 
 I had never met a man of such warmth and character till I met Orrin and Laurie. 
 Adam: The kindest brother a man could ever possibly have, but he''s no strategist. 
 The Charred remains of a man 
 What kind of a world do we now live in where a man who advocates hard work and respect for others and roots his arguments in scientific
 Dani: Yes, a man ''s been shot on the docks. 
 On May 17 just after 9 a.m., a man and woman got off of a bus at First and Ashlan and walked into the Circle K store at 4211 N. First Street. 
 His is, seemingly, a story of a good and gentle guy, a loyal friend, a devoted son, a man imbued with the love for Israel  a deeply religious man radiating his belief on his surroundings
 Simone: You know, I keep hearing that the easiest way to get a man is by having sex with him. 
 The female resident and a man in his late 70s who also was at the house were bound while the suspects ransacked the home. 
 They need a man like him, to do what no other company could do: Bury M$ 
 Patriots pass rusher Chase Winovich is a man of many exquisite words, and he summed up the weirdness that is 2020 and COVID-19 very well. 
 which is a little too disturbing coming from a man who was, and still looks like, a Young Conservative. 
 You are attached to a man who is addicted to lying. 
 They are usually the women who hands out an order for an expensive drink to a man they just met. 
 a man most people regard as the next prime minister. 
 Sonoma County Sheriff''s Deputies were called out to the Fife Creek Commons apartments on reports of a man acting irrationally and threatening neighbors with a knife. 
 the ICC detailed the various instances where there was contact  via WhatsApp  between Shakib and a man "suspected of involvement in corruption in cricket". 
 "Again, I read somewhere, that while the cholera was raging in the Mississippi valley, a man dressed in a long Turkish garment  such as Frederick was known to wear  came out of a lead-mine
 Over the past 24 hours, 26 more deaths were reported; including a man in his 20''s from Calgary who had no known pre-existing conditions. 
 Or is a man confident of his estate  wealth  and power Why
 and that is most set upon such things as are of the same matter and principles with the nature nourished: So where a man is by the Spirit of CHRIST quickened to a life of holiness  he will have a hungering  thirsting
 A MAN drowned
 and occasioned by the impediments of the flesh As we observe that sometimes a man of a faithful memory will  by the disorder of a sickness  grow delirious  and forget all that ever he knew: And yet
 A man might hold a women''s gaze just slightly longer than normal to indicate his interest. 
 as Lazer-Wolf the warden of the butchers Synagogue  gave a powerful portrait which impressed itself as that of a man one would not rashly complain to about the absence of giblets - or whatever - when he was holding his butcher''s chopper. 
 That might suggest a man clumsily falling out of a window rather than a jumper. 
 as the shop of the apothecary  or as a physic garden  wherein a man may in any distemper fix on something proper to help him. 
 French U21 international Ntcham put in a man of the match performance which included the winning goal at Parkhead. 
 The traveler, a man from Huntigton Valley, Pennsylvania, was subsequently arrested by Port Authority Police, according to TSA. 
 (as he used to say ) which is the surest way to prevent mistakes  and a man ''s wronging either himself or his neighbor. 
 For though a man be virtuous otherwise, boastfulness makes him hateful to people." 
 The Wollaston Medal this year goes to a man who can lay claim to being this country''s foremost volcanologist. 
 should we think it more strange to see a child from a woman only  than from a man and a woman 
 The first is, when a man dies daily to himself; that is  by a death to avarice  pride  voluptuousness  wrath
 A man may be created  physically
 I don''t need a man , I don''t want a man, I can be on my own. 
 Bible Christians might balk at this and say, "How can a man be sinless?" 
 Liao Banggui, a man around age 50, is an employee of the Suining Oil Well Drilling Team in Sichuan Province. 
 A man who had just come from China was visiting Harvard University. 
 A practitioner gave a man a DVD and a flyer about Jiang Zemin. 
 Tweeting from Everest is pretty cool (especially by a man called Kenton Cool)  but as it turns out  he wasn''t the first to achieve this
 Women can bring a man such pleasure, eh? 
 I do not doubt, it has been a great lesson to him and if gently used, may make a man of him. 
 A joint venture with wife as partner would thrive when in the horoscope of a man the Lords of the seventh and tenth houses align and Venus is in a strong position. 
 A man politically free is in a similar condition to a man morally free. 
 However, in 2007 wild poliovirus was isolated from a man in Australia who had recently arrived from a foreign country. 
 I went to get it and saw a man . 
 We also remember a man of great love, generosity, and courage who continues to inspire us every day." 
 She conned a man by using her goodies!" 
 If there is one martial art technique that can turn a man into a woman, could there be another that can turn him back into a man?" 
 In Belgium, the statue of King Leopold II was torn down, a man blamed for genocide during the Belgian control of Congo. 
 But none of these dogmas are patronized by the opinion which explains Romans 7, as applicable to a man placed under the law  and in the manner in which we have explained it
 Critics'' outrage is warranted ("Because, really, if a man is going to latch onto the ol'' ball-and-chain for life  at least it should be pert  unwrinkled
 Overheard: A man singing and strumming his guitar on a park bench. 
 Initial investigation indicated that the six were inside their house when a man , whose name police are still withholding, barged in and opened fire on them using an M16 rifle. 
 A classic case of a man being unintentionally corrupted by the power he wielded. 
 faced the future with confidence and looked upon the ready reckoners as a man looks upon little boys playing at marbles. 
 What is the most notable feature and quality of the late commander –such as the personal qualities of a man , like the behavior, morals, sincerity or piety- that has stayed in your mind? 
 as well as a man who was convicted in that case. 
 the parts that I liked the most are when Helen receives new powers and also when she is learning to become a man as part of training as she has to observe a lot of other men dicretely to master the art of it. 
 The Supreme Court on Wednesday granted Oklahoma''s request to retain custody of a man who has been on death row for killing three Native Americans
 They''d see a man so old that time had sculpted him into caricature. 
 more than that  she was a friend -- a friend whose main goal in life was finding Libby a man . 
 Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, shows what a man 
 S.J. Gould described the hoax as preposterous: ''How could a man turn to solid gypsum, while preserving all his soft anatomy, from cheeks to toes to penis?'' 
 a man without outing himself too much. 
 Labour MP  Jess Phillips  runs through a list of all the women who were killed in the last 12 months where a man was the ''main perpetrator''. 
 They are at the end of the day, grossly outdated; Leviticus 18:22 informs us that ''if a man lies with a male  as with a woman
 nothing this earth makes a man feel more attractive. than when he asks his ... 
 The first is a report from a man who survived the war in Bosnia. 
 "I walked in and there was a man there that was over 200 years old! 
 Just then, a family member came in the room... a man ... 
 This certainly should settle the issue that he is an angel or only a man . 
 A short time later Fisher has a new patient, a man who cannot speak and appears to be in shock. 
 King realizes that he is reincarnated, but from a man who has traveled through time. 
 Her newest confection is intuitively called " A Man Will Always Be a Dog" (Sakolsky 9/45). 
 Instead a man inside the vehicle shot at the police, wounding Deputy Commissar Hoxha. 
 rock and roll star  zen master...anything; but he decided to be a man of the written word and eventually found himself in Tirana
 I a man Because I''m a man , I a man of the 90s...of the 80s... of the 70s...of the 60s... 
 They are led by the Commander of the Watch, or if there isn''t one, then by a man carrying a pot of mustard and a quill. 
 If he desire of a man   ''May he be rich in cattle''
 There''s a composer in England that I''m increasingly interested in, a man called John Casken (b. 1949), who''s writing a concert piece for me in a couple of years'' time. 
 An ancient family manuscript speaks of Thomas Ewing as " A man highly respected and esteemed by all who knew him." 
 A man 
 A man 
 A Diagram, then, is a picture of a Man or the Moon facing you. 
 It speaks to his conscience, not as a man speaks, yet with a potency unknown to any other book. 
 Or how can a man enter into the house of a valiant man  and seize his garments
 There is an old adage which says "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. 
 Finally, it started working again and it rang and a man wanted to know whether I had any apartments to rent. 
 BD: So you were a woman playing a man, and he was a man playing a woman! 
 served Adi Da personally  and found that the allegations against him didn''t resonate with the person he came to know.  a man he called "the most loving, compassionate entity that I have ever encountered." 
 As far as I can tell, the true wonder for a woman doesn''t come when she hooks up with a man who is her "type" [pt. away]. 
 We also had a new snake this year, built buy a man who has a master''s degree and left a Midwestern university to go into stagecraft. 
 Henry Suso, 1295?-1366, a man of highly emotional nature  has on the one hand been treated as a hysterical visionary
 Spong speaks with a man given authority on this and other matters. 
 A man 
 They trembled, hearing an unintelligible sound, while the Lord spoke clearly to a man who had been granted spiritual perception. 
 What strange new force is moving in the world, and how can a man and his family survive against such odds? 
 Some of the troubles are clearly not natural and it looks like Kate might become the scapegoat when she meets a man who promises to deliver her from the danger in exchange for her shadow. 
 After a while, she tires of his jealous rages and falls in love with a man known as The Pilgrim. 
 This is a fairly long, never before reprinted novel about a man who starts to receive psychic messages from someone on Venus. 
 coming from a man whose diary must read with all the realism of a Betty Boop cartoon. 
 and flailing accent aside Leo does a fair old job of portraying Archer as a man not quite so born of moral ambiguity as it may at first seem. 
 Do not damage that which makes a man a man: his speech  his thoughts  his high mental functions  this goes for his creations
 That''s the price a man pays for going after a Fox like >this. 
 A second example might be a religion purporting to worship a man named Jesus
 Samuel Vimes, when provoked to proletarian fury by a man 
 I had a man 
 If this is true of a man , how much more is it true of our Lord Jesus Christ, the God-Man. 
 ''''And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him, with his sword drawn in his hand: and Joshua said, Art Thou for us, or for our adversaries?'''' 
 While this is true, and he did serve under such a man 
 A man 
 If a man had a child who''d gone anti-social  killed perhaps  he''d still tend to protect that child. ... McCoy
 Sue and Charley begin to unravel a little of each other''s pasts  unearthing Charley''s roots as a man haunted by his deeds as a young soldier in the Civil War. 
 Because God created man in His own image, if a man is slain, God has declared that the person responsible shall be put to death. 
 To be a Questor, you are no longer a man with a drinking problem, you are a man with a purpose. 
 It was founded in 1989 by a man named Thomas V. Wykes  Jr. "who wanted to address the moral crisis in American with a Catholic response
 lyrics like " A man I know died too young/And when he died  his song unsung/He touched my life  he touched my soul/And given time
 At the same time, there was a man doing laundry over in the corner doing my friend Judi''s laundry. 
 Many people have reported seeing a man and woman in period clothing walking around near where the original fountain was. 
 Cundiff leased the property for 10 years to a man named Harry E. "Indian" Miller in 1925. 
 Mississippi.2 She had been previously married to a man named Campbell. 
 "Now I''ll bet there isn''t a man here who can spell ''pterodactyl,'' not even the prisoner at the bar. 
 Chlorella is a whole natural food, it is not like taking a man made vitamin supplement. 
 I have seen ladies write a huge list of qualities a man should have and when you read such list you are afraid you would not match to all of that. 
 "He was despised and rejected of men; a man 
 The reader can see at a glance that the yeast was at work, and when you see a man sweating and puffing and swaggering  with his face red and his nose white  with his teeth clenched
 She concludes, But then he was a man . 
 He''s a man who knows how to handle a moderator too. 
 I as a man, would be less than a man if I were not able to forgive. 
 a man dead on the scene... 
 It''s the story of a man who finds himself wealthy at the same time he discovers treachery in his Iife. 
 Apparently, the only terrorist in the Vietnam era was a man named Bill Ayers, whose compatriots had once blown themselves up. 
 I am straight and for a man ! 
 Calif. - complete with account numbers  a couple of graduate student theses and a resume from a man in Canada. 
 I have so much to offer a man : physically  emotionally  intellectually
 for He would be the woman''s seed"; yet it as definitely intimated that the Saviour would be more than a man   for it is the work of Omnipotence to destroy Satan''s power  hence we read
 A man who sticks to it. 
 a gentleman with love n caring, a man who is ready to make me his wife n only wife,i hope to meet a man who is ready for married n a true lover,must be responsible n nice looking... 
 Am looking for a man that will be able to listen to me  communicate his feelings to me   make me laugh  hold and comfort me in need
 A single woman Swati is seeking marriage with a man of her dreams... 
 What was there about David that caused G-d to extend such a sweeping compliment as to pronounce him a man after His own Heart? 
 A man gives valuable property--jewellery  furniture  or money--to a woman under an agreement to marry
 I have never met such a lonesome and unhappy man, even though he liked jazz and dancing; a man so concentrating on himself, very calm, not a man of words. 
 Thomas Paine wrote the book "Age of Reason"; has it ever been known to reclaim a man from drunkenness and debauchery, as does the holy Book which it so vilely derides? 
 The confession of the wicked is extorted, like the confession of a man upon a rack. 
 That wouldn''t stop a Chinese man of course, I''ve seen many a man alternate between bites of food and drags from cigarettes. 
 Otago Daily Times Political Editor Dene Mackenzie is a man with his finger on the pulse of politics...and he joins me now... 
 He couldn''t even tell if Jackie was a man 
 It is just as important for a man to be trusted as it is for a woman to be cared about. 
 He was a man of strong convections. 
 In July 2004 I was selling parts on eBay when a man asked a question about some Tempest grilles. 
 "I am a man . 
 a Man ... is not his weakness but his .... STRONG!" 
 Sam met a man in the past who he would later arrest in the future and who was trying to kill him in the future. 
 a man with supreme range
 Religiously a man is what his heart is before the mercy-seat. 
 During the middle of the second century a man 
 Leonardo DiCaprio was a man of an actor in The Departed, but he was still part boy as Howard Hughes. 
 It''s for me, and I''m a man ... 
 Stockholm features four, including "Downbound Train" at the outset, "Across the Border," "Walk Like a Man ," and "Blinded By the Light." 
 and Israel  on impulse took it upon himself to guide that cart over the curb and take it to the man''s car  a man who seem ancient, with skin so thin you could see through it to the veins within. 
 A man who robbed a shop in Redcar armed with a claw hammer and a knife has been jailed; 
 This one brunette queen, who was with David, a man who looks like actor Jamie Foxx, treated him so bad in front of me that I was embarrassed for him. 
 Scrolling down to the most recent killings at the link below and you will see a man named Charles Wiggens who was recently killed in my old neighborhood at 60 years old. 
 The prostate surrounds the urethra and can enlarge as a man ages and cause BPH. 
 The image was so bad, Souls couldn''t even tell if the person was a man or a woman. 
 "Unless a man becomes the enemy of an evil, he will not only become its slave, but rather its champion. 
 For pity''s sake, I had a man I''m not married to in my bed last night. 
 ... York for questioning a man 
 Thanks to this, a man can enter the sexual organ at different angles, as during the real process with a girl. 
 When young she records how a man 
 a man acquired late in development, a secondary drive. 
 ''He''s a man , Bat. 
 If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him." 
 Hank kicked a man in the groin, then winced in sympathy. 
 That isn''t the Kaylee I thought I knew and as for then feeling guilty THREE YEARS LATER for wanting to marry Simon ( a man she actually loves) not Dray - there is no way it makes any kind of sense. 
 "That leaves us a man down for the rescue Zoë!" 
 Wagner was never a man to do anything by half-measures  the volumes published under his imprint were not just large books
 Fast Bottom! ;-) F.B.- Diam 24 I''ve used other ''cheaper'' divers in the Bay Area all of whom to a man 
 She then regarded Oldman Jones; at least a real man, but old, and only as capable as a man who has swung a mop his entire life could be expected to be. 
 But the squad loved his cooking and to a man they all tried to look after him. 
 This is the Tree of Life, for it says, "She is a Tree of Life for those who grasp her (Proverbs 3:18) When a man beholds it  and sees in it God''s wisdom  and His righteous and just laws and statutes
 After a fortnight lying in a cottage at Canhams Road, Gt Cornard, the body of a child belonging to a man named Maxim and a mother named Boreham, was interred on Friday evening at about five o''clock. 
 You, McCaigh, a man bred and born to our laws and the penalties for their breaking  author of The Riddle of the Onyx Hand
 I wish I''d got to know him better, for he was a man whose accomplishments far outshone his unassuming demeanor. 
 No one answered the door at the address listed for Barthelemy, and a man with the Costello surname in North Babylon said he had no relation to the dead woman. 
 Hutton reveals a man 
 If you are a man , work. 
 Remember: God is not a man but Spirit, those who would worship him must worship him in Spirit and in Truth... 
 a man could stand, and, holding to the upper sill with one hand, operate his jimmy with the other. 
 Christ made Simon into a man of God, just as He did with the Patriarchs of old. 
 Suppose a man 
 "There are three ways a man can be ruined: women, gambling, and farming. 
 And what if a man is attacked by one of his own lineage mates? 
 I do not care his financial situation  it is important to me what will be his attitude to me  if a man will take care of me, I can guarantee that I will be the best event in the his life. 
 Frantz Fanon writes about "a zone of non-being  an extraordinary sterile and arid region " where "Black is not a man ." 
 Bubbling fuel, drifting radar and communications arrays, some the size of a man , others as big as a house. 
 January 31, 2012 PEARLAND, Texas; A man 
 I am here to find a man who is serious about creating a strong relationship and who is ready to build own family. 
 Donald G. Sahli was a man who appreciated the value of a scholarship, regardless of the size. 
 Derek Jacobi took London and Broadway by storm in this exceptional biographical drama about a man 
 Frank Gallucci is a man who knows all about style. 
 My idea of a good cow-boss is a man that doesn''t boss any; just hires a first-class outfit of men, and then there is no bossing to do. 
 If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him." 
 I took a man bat Lego from a Lego Batman set and I shaved in the sides, the legs, and his toes. 
 I see a man who would almost certainly be diagnosed with Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder – high energy
 Set a man on fire and he''ll be warm for the rest of his life. 
 A man who served three 36 month sentences for his crimes because in the eyes of the law they were minors
 Mike Build a man a fire and he''ll be warm for a day... 
 Room for a man to breathe and think and mebbe just sit on his porch and wonder at the way of it all. 
 At the entry of the bridge there are two plants pots, one in the shape of a man and another one in the shape of a woman. 
 He was a man of prayer. 
 It was making her think there was a man standing in the darkness looking in at her–a big man dressed all in black. 
 More than the act of the healing of a man who had an infirmity of sensual organ, the whole story has a deeper dimension with regard to the mission of the Church. 
 THIS is the case of a man who has endeared himself to all of us. 
 – Neha Aziz, Austin Chronicle "A whole portrait, the good and the bad, of a man who loved movies and life in equal measure. 
 For those who did not realize what young Zack had become at his father''s hands, his hope, his own idea of what a man could be  should be  would be  they''d see in the young man on sight a most rugged physique  quick and lean and muscular
 He rode his horse like a man of state  high  regal  his mind geared to a duty to be done  and caught enough attention from the folks of Boxwood
 Second, the above-quoted claim by Anselmo (that it contains obscenities) is a subjective opinion by a man 
 Belgian media reported that one of the two attackers was apparently killed, a man believed to be about 40 years old. 
 Don''t demand commitments: Never demand commitments from a man . 
 how pistols or revolvers were carried on a belt  the buckle on that belt  how a man looked at his cards in a game as if someone was looking over his shoulder all the time. 
 --------------------------------------||Prolouge||------------------------------------------ A man stood beside a large window inside a well apointed office  "I assume everything has been taken care of satisfactorily
 __________________ THE MAN''S PRAYER I am a man , but I can change, if I have to.... 
 No this is the visit of a man on a mission, a man determined to settle the score the hard and unforgiving way. 
 In 2009, a man 
 If I believe in the proposition "all men are mortal", and another mind believes in the proposition "Socrates is a man ", no inference is possible. 
 You are likely pitting a pistol against a man with a rifle. 
 It was, as it appears, cut and dried, finding a man with a smoky rifle hiding in a closet space, a man known as an excellent shot on hunting forays. 
 Click For the Full size Image A Martin Holt Original She went on a cruise to Alaska and met a man . 
 Police ''making progress'' after arrest made in connection with ATM ram raid in Farnham Surrey Live A man remains in custody while the investigation continues. 
 stolen ATM cards KEYT SANTA MARIA  Calif. - Santa Maria police made an arrest Saturday morning after finding a man ... 
 As a life long Boston Celtic fan and a life long committed Laker''s hater, I was excited - I love you as a man , but as a player on the team I hated the most, you were my enemy when it came to going up against the Celtics. 
 "Bunny, a man of faith who had contemplated becoming a priest earlier in his life
 Okay, well, my first thought was a rape, but I thought it was a man raping a girl..then the strap-on (which are really fun by the way!)..men don''t need strap-ons..a woman raping a man? 
 a man 
 A man writes for the sake of his soul to manage what must be told with a ambition to fight being ignored, he continues. 
 That doesn''t kill all this anger and pain caused by a man using you as a tool to drive me insane. 
 Through our disputes and down times; when I''m begging her to leave a man that uses her but she chooses to stay; during the times when I''m dragging her home in her drunkeness
 "Oh, I met a man the other day  I never met before  he asked me if I wanted a job  shoveling iron ore  I asked him what the wages were
 How can anyone express in words the gratitude for a man who''s sole purpose in life was to help transport us to the place where words dissolve? 
 Perhaps you ought to have checked your ready to hand dictionary for the meaning of lies as a man 
 With a gun, with a gun, No, you can''t get a man with a gun. 
 He said his oldest client was 92 and added: "Word had got out that he was a man 
 for which a man of integrity has been destroyed by the State, then they expect many bureaucrats to be falling on their swords. 
 It is not a man singing to a woman he''s just met; it''s a god singing to life: 
 Independence requires the acceptance of one''s intellectual responsibility for his own existence, requires that a man form his own judgments, and that he support himself by the work of his own mind. 
 and a photograph of the woman on the floor and a man . 
 He has partnered with a man I greatly admire from Seattle, Dr Eric Scroggins. 
 The woman was suddenly awakened and saw a man in her room. 
 He''s a man with no allegiances except to himself and whatever strikes him as the right thing to do at any moment. 
 a man who is just beggin'' to be killed." 
 He was a giant of a man , but a man nevertheless". 
 and it really touched me that this child wanted to reach out to a man he''d never met to make him feel better about his loss. 
 A death doula is a man or woman whose job is ... 
 "He was a man ," said Conan. 
 By the way, my OB/GYN is a new doctor and a man at that. 
 But you can''t expect a boy to become a man overnight, and I give him credit as much as I can... 
 What does an encounter with Christ mean for such a man ? 
 On the other end of that storm was a man who had an offer for them. 
 a man was nude then he was swimming. 
 It is, in a word, safe to challenge the whole Christian world for the name of a man 
 I am here searching for the perfect man ... I expect to have a decent man who hardly smoke ... I expect to get a man to marry me and have kids with me. 
 The sixth lesson in the Stepping Stones series uses a story about a man who thought he could wait for rabbits to crash into his tree instead of planting his crops. 
 A man of his calibre deserves a few more world titles in him. 
 I prefer a man is trustworthy as gentleman. 
 Joeman is a man currently single and looking for a date partner. 
 I really appreciate a man becuase it''s a prudent gift to a woman and he deserve to be taken care of. 
 Robert Gu is our main viewpoint character, a man who has been successfully treated, more or less for Alzheimer''s, as well as given a virtual fountain of youth. 
 I saw a man walk into it the other day but luckily he wasn''t injured on this occasion. 
 and works in a dank machine shop  sometimes causing accidents ( a man gets an arm pulled off, on camera). 
 If a man were willing to go on short rations
 there would not fail to be a man upon the throne of Israel  but if they did not follow the laws of God
 said of him that ''the evolutionary biologist with whom I have discussed his work tend to see him as a man whose ideas are so confused as to be hardly worth bothering with
 The mouth of one of the alleys was being blocked by a canine morph and a man in Watch uniforms. 
 In John 9, Jesus gave sight to a man who had been born blind. 
 He stood firm for what he believed in, yet he was also humble and detested the spirit of following a man . 
 Barrowman playing a man betrayed and coping with the fact that he cannot die is beautifully done. 
 On this edition of Portrait, a man 
 A man parks his Jetta under a tree, gets out of the car and closes the door. 
 A man of great integrity, faith, and love of life passed away Aug. 24 with heart failure. 
 a man was found wanting when the great sacrifice was called for. 
 a man who''s seen the world. 
 Seeking for a man that is willing and Serious  romantic  someone that i will spend the rest of my life with
 and even though I''m aware that you doesn''t need a man to take care of you because you''re capable of that  you already knows how to take care yourself including sexually
 This was an older version, a man who had spread himself among a growing group of people, all of them considered family. 
 The narrator of Viet Thanh Nguyen''s "The Committed" (Grove, 345 pages, $27) is a man without...( 
 So it was that they spoke to Uther, for he was once a man and had spent his time in Arrasia and he was the lover of Adria  who had dwindled in his arms
 Jules Verne knew there was no atmosphere in space though his illustrator appears to be ignorant of that fact in drawing a man waving to those on Earth at an altitude where thin air would make breathing difficult. 
 There have been sightings of a man who haunts the dungeons and strangely enough of the spectres of a bear and a black pig. 
 All of those six cities, like the number of a man , is a mystery yet to be revealed. 
 Synopsis: A former juvenile delinquent (Divine) is impregnated and promptly abandoned by a man (Divine) she hitches a ride with
 Since coming back off that back injury I''ve been a man possessed, on court now about 12 hours a week. 
 A man with a fetish for being eaten and for eating human flesh searches the internet for a man with compatible tastes. 
 Quanah Parker was a man of two worlds. 
 For now, Arthur Valen is a man without a home; he stays out of the Underground to avoid running into the wrong Resistance patrol in a dark alley
 Absolutely incorrect the only person that invented ink & paper is this guy named Pênêmûe and he was not a man but he taught mankind this; that''s if you believe in a higher power but it''s not for unbelievers
 She meets a man who takes her to a nearby restaurant. 
 Buck knew - all too well - a man didn''t get in the way when Larabee had a burr stuck up his ass. 
 He''d never seen a woman react like that in his life to a man ...ever. 
 he''d scouted for Custer, rode with Buffalo Bill then became a man of the law his nerves were steel, his soul was ice and lightning quick was his draw 
 I want to meet a man that i will establish my love with because life is just a flower but love is honey a man 
 different cultures Life is an adventure that I enjoy experiencing and traveling together  If you are looking for a man for a longterm relationship and who knows how to treat a lady, Please give me a reply. 
 I am humble and easy going woman looking for a man for intimate relationship
 Such a man should be remembered. 
 In some respects, most particularly the Imperator, a man who has sufficient moral grandeur to be planning his abdication and yet who disparages his family so. 
 This is a dark and brutally honest character study of a man hopelessly lost in drugs, perverted sexual acts and constant abuse of a policeman''s power. 
 The attempt to seek a "sign" from a man of God based upon some previous use of such tactics is a sham. 
 As Mike Connor said, "He was a man of humor, conviction, imagination and drive, but most of all he had incredible courage." 
 His face was not that of a man used to hardship, bordering on refined with dark hair and a darker eyes that were filled with intelligence. 
 Clausewitz yearned to be a man 
 In the open cargo wagon of this serendipitous locomotive, the rockers meet a man who introduces himself as Konstantin, "a professional tourist" (Evgenii Stychkin). 
 But my infamous streak was cut short by a man named Chris Larabee and his entire ATF team. 
 The recoil''s a bastard and a man with a busted arm''s not good for much,'' the man admitted miserably, before adding, ''And some of ''em have jammed.'' 
 Clayton, JD said, trying to come across as in charge, I saw a man come in earlier wearing a gun belt, with a rifle on his saddle. 
 I got word a man was in this town, whos wanted in Texas. 
 a man in exile–from home, family and, most poignantly, from himself." 
 In "The Tragedy of Marsden Manor", the famed detective solves the suspicious death of a man who may have committed insurance fraud. 
 When I saw you the other day, it spooked me, you reminded me so much of a man I met in the hospital back then. 
 Is it possible, still, for a man who has penetrated deep into modern learning and science to be an absolutely sincere Christian? 
 a man lay down his life for his friends." 
 What would the father''s family and neighbors have thought of a man who treated his ward in this way? 
 "Maybe Dr. Williams saw himself in Rudolph, a man of daring and vision," McQuilkin says. 
 Chris caught his gaze and walked over, dragging a man behind him. 
 futuristic man ... A man that got better plans for the future ... A man that wants to have a family of his own ... A man that will love me so much, care about me, take care of me with my daughter ... 
 A man may not add a cubit to his stature, but Caruso by sheer determination built a top to his voice. 
 One cause for wishing her married by a priest is that a man seeing a priest after hearing only calumnies about him  might be converted by his acquaintance  advice
 a man of peace were suddenly no more with his nation people and his lovely wife and children. 
 Pirmann has a story of a man at Balaton, Minnesota, a buttermaker, the only Catholic in a town of 700, who has been elected mayor ten times. 
 I had asked Ms. Fallaci whether there was any contemporary leader she admired, and Pope Benedict XVI was evidently a man in whom she reposed some trust. 
 The bearer of this letter is a man capable of instructing in good principles those confided to his care and that of his wife. 
 Shea was built by a man who neither knew nor cared anything for baseball, and it shows; there are not even any real bleachers in the place. 
 and some can only be ascertained by Talmudic logic (that a man shall not commit incest with his daughter
 which was close to my heart and then in ''67/68 there was a building erected by a man called Earl Cameron down at 17 Raglan Street. 
 Maybe if a man drinks enough, he''d even shoot an unarmed man in the back. 
 I would like a man of wit, and humor, and someone who is verbal, passionate and open emotionally. 
 a man who believes, repents, confesses Jesus'' deity, but is not baptized. 
 or rather Ox as he was called by the men at Eden  who was one of Cicero''s personal hires and a man the head overseer found reliable. 
 "Vincent, I need a man who can be a cold-blooded and capable killer. 
 When we are first introduced to him in chp 11, we are told that he beat a man to death "with his fists." 
 Like Pharaoh, many Pastors have kept God''s people bound to the pews and constantly molded into a man inspired  one-fold  Church custom; but take heart Saints of God
 Inside Out is the new album by Bernard Fowler, a man who is Mick Jagger in his own right. 
 If a man sets himself up as judge  it sometimes is pretty obvious that "he is setting himself up as God in the temple of God
 Ezra left her and in her grief, for a short period of time, had a relationship with a man from Denver. 
 To flatter a man because he is a heavy giver is to offer him a concealed affront as well
 If "mktemp.tbl" was found first, the command "/usr/bin/mandoc mktemp.tbl" would be run to build a man page for display to the user. 
 Just as a man learns what he values  and how much  by seeing what he is prepared to give up for it
 "Just may''ve cost a man his life." 
 If a man has learned the work by some illegal method he is a cowan. 
 But these are forced to struggle against Johnson''s vapid Vronsky – a man you wouldn''t leave the bar for
 "Timmons don''t take a man in breathin'' if he c''n get paid the same fer a body." 
 As a man of words I have been leading my online journal about my adventures too
 His performance demonstrates considerable range, taking him from being an impersonal professional to a man so happily in love that he literally dances across the frame to a pathetic, lovesick wreck. 
 Besides, it is inappropriate for a woman of your accomplishments to be seen to be... courted... by such a man ." 
 He was made aware of a man in his prison who could accurately interpret dreams. 
 In the seals of the cities, we find all the motifs that are still a part of Hinduism now, the great Bull, the peepul tree, a man in a yogic posture  the swastika  an image of the Mother Goddess  one of Shiva
 a man of science, the eminent obstetrician, Professor Tarnier. 
 He was a man of great physical strength  able to bend horseshoes with his hands (Cambrian Register  i  145-55; Yorke
 A man may think of evil and yet his thoughts may be good; and a man may think of good and yet his thoughts be evil. 
 Biblical demonologists believe in the near future a man of superior intelligence, wit, charm, and diplomacy will emerge on the world scene as a savior. 
 Half-an-hour earlier a man , 24, walking through the park near Holloway Road was robbed at gunpoint by three people. 
 and therefore few men only could have attempted it; and a man capable of doing it would not have thrown away his own fame by giving it to another. 
 It''s a man thing. 
 Paul Sharage, you were a man 
 The appellate court said: "The system worked but unfortunately convicted a man who was legally and factually innocent." 
 She served in the Brazilian war of independence in 1822-23 dressed as a man . 
 Gen. George S. Patton said, "Show me what a man is cynical about, and I''ll show you what he lacks." 
 took with him as an aid a man 
 It wouldn''t do much to hide a man , but maybe it would conceal his stop and dismount. 
 a man can build an empire." 
 It is rumored that he enjoys homosexual love for a man he is associated with, though it has never been proven. 
 It''s gotta wear on a man ." 
 [Sirach 41] {41:1} O death, how bitter is the memory of you: to a man who has peace in his substance  {41:2} to a quiet man  and to him whose ways are directed properly in all things
 In the former, Ralph Michael plays a man who sees a room reflected in a mirror which looks nothing like the room he is standing in. 
 Beyond having a degree in engineering from the University of Illinois, Jim was a man who pondered, didn''t accept things at face value, looked at something from many angles before drawing a conclusion. 
 you dont need so much "horses". thats all about friction. i watched on tv a man 
 I recently watched a moving and funny documentary called Kumaré about a man from New Jersey who pretended to be an Indian guru, went to Arizona, and gained a following of real people. 
 We follow a man as he goes to meet a woman in a flying city. 
 She, too, had a man she loved dearly and could imagine only too easily how it would feel to have him taken from her in such a cruel way. 
 5 stabbed in ''act of domestic terrorism'' at Hanukkah party; suspect held on $5 million bail MONSEY, N.Y. – A man 
 Sargon was discovered by a man named Akki, a water-carrier, who adopted him as his son; and he afterward became King of Babylonia. 
 Jean is a man in his mid-thirties who has come to resent the fact that his life has already been completely mapped out for him
 In a word, a man 
 How could he find common ground with a man he believed only cared for his own needs and put money over and above anyone or anything else? 
 Paul is a good guy and a man of his word, and it''s getting confusing for him because his word and his passion are going different places." 
 1) Goldstone described the case of a man who inserted a piano wire in his penis and it ended up knotted in his bladder.( 
 His own immortality and good health was inborn and a man 
 However, Ithamar''s lineage continued through a man named Daniel who was one of the many who returned from the Babylonian captivity (Ezra 8:2) 
 It was about half their height and it was, indeed, a perfect egg shape, broader at one end, and as heavy as a man . 
 You are in your own way a tragic figure, a man of some intelligence who insists on more  that he be seen as that which he is not
 He told her now and then when he had lost a man , under the unspoken agreement she would not ask more than he wanted to say. 
 and many more acts like these are not precisely spiritual characteristics that I seek in a man I would like to follow and emulate. 
 A Man and A Woman" on it. 
 plain  shrewd fireman  who though making no pretentions (sic) to being a man hunter, has accomplished that which the police department detectives have so vainly sought." 
 They portray him as " a man of strong hand". 
 The voice seemed to be getting impaitent, yet at the same time, also a little frigthened, obviously its owner was not a man who believed things that go bump in the shadows was just a story to send naughty little children to sleep. 
 This Just In: Portland Man Strips Naked to Protest Airport Screening A man who stripped naked at an airport security checkpoint in Portland  Oregon
 I just got out of a lengthy relationship with a man 
 an inhabitant of the country  representative rights " you would at once understand that that human being  being a man , was justified in the adoption of revolutionary methods to get representative institutions. 
 This big bear of a man could drink anyone under the table – and often did. 
 Shane was a man that knew many and befriended most. 
 After becoming a man during the Battle of Three Gates, Leofe had posed as a Midlands merchant that did business with Metamor. 
 This "would be the most fitting tribute to a man of distinction, and affection the greatest comfort to a benefactor." 
 "And that''s the time when a man can dash closer?" 
 Jimmy looked around then and realised he had bared his soul in front of two girls and a man who owned an alien spaceship. 
 This, forced upon a man who did not allow himself to touch me when he could help it. 
 A doorbell rings, a man answers the door, and he is abruptly struck in the face by a flung cleaver. 
 As a man ? 
 "You look like a man with something on his mind...or is that someone?" 
 Instead, I have observed a man who has done more for those he knows than I ever have, and done those things in so short a period as to be ridiculous." 
 He was a man of great learning and an able diplomat who often served as an ambassador for the Commune. 
 The law was different in Australia - there a man who had not heard of his wife for 7 years could remarry, so in theory a man and his wife could both remarry  but under English law she would still be married to him
 In India if a man believes that he is a spirit, a soul, and not a body, then he is said to have religion and not till then. 
 A man is about to jump to earth from the top of a rollercoaster; never mind the question of whether he''ll survive in one piece
 Throughout the film, Berry looks like a man who is unsure of (or unwilling to reveal) his true identity, a man whose motives are never quite apparent. 
 that Christians should not be accused of turning a man into a god. 
 Problem was ? she had a man in her life. 
 A woman came in through the back entrance, bare foot, just behind a man and three kids. 
 A man walks into a convenience store for a loaf of bread and a carton of milk. 
 "One actor told me, ''never kiss a man on screen''–you do have those considerations," Tergesen notes. 
 ripping his soul out through his eyes and leaving him a mere shell of a man . 
 Can a man who has taken and still adheres to the oath of the Royal Arch degree be trusted in office? 
 There was complete silence and even Rufus a man who had fought in many fierce battles was afraid to move least he draw her attention. 
 a dream would have been better that the stark reality of being in one of the loneliest spots with a man who had set out to destroy Jennifer Cartwright and already had a woman hidden away somewhere. 
 losing her office to an explosion caused by Maria Hill  and dealing with a twisted murder perpetrated by a man claiming to be from another dimension. 
 A man intent on preserving his hair would have been far better off with a second gun. 
 I''m not even halfway to call myself a man , but I''m still sweating it out in the sun with a tan. 
 So who buys tomatoes from a man convicted of human enslavement? 
 We have to say instead that the proposition, i.e. that every man is of necessity an animal, is false, whether a man exists or not. 
 that a good pessimist accepts masculinity as apocalyptic  acknowledges both the political crisis of being a man and its inescapability. 
 In a very unusual case, a man infected with HIV was found to also have what appeared to be cancer. 
 and is appalled to learn that her fourteen-year-old sister-in-law is already given in marriage to a man old enough to be her grandfather, the chief of police Djemal. 
 In an Aboriginal society, clever man is often a man who deals with the spiritual nature of things and sorcery even. 
 He was a man of character, a man who truly cared about his fellow man, and a man who rarely had anything negative to say about anyone. 
 To his credit, he took his scolding like a man . 
 I was against it, especially as a man named Salter had been at the rectory in the afternoon, and greatly advised against it. 
 but the Scripture says  "There is a way which seemeth right unto a man , but the end thereof are the ways of death" (Proverbs 14:12). 
 strong / weak: draw a man (strong – with big muscles, weak – a stick man with no muscles at all). 
 A large robotic-like being (Prime), an armored figure (Samus), and a man (Cole) were among them. 
 Pope Francis: A Man of His Word piggybacks on the interest who it depicts rather than forming its own fascinations. 
 What can be the destination that will make a man fall in love with you which will make him dedicate to you seriously? 
 An insight into the history of spatial design A man tries to cope with space each time he enters into it, in order to settle and survive within it. 
 He was in effect saying to Jesus, "Don''t meet me as a man , though that is the form You have taken. 
 He treats his burns but is interrupted by the arrival of a man named Claban Cragg who has arrived in Britain to claim a large inheritance. 
 I never try to talk a man out of his decision. 
 I like to chill and go with the flow .I want to have a man come get me and take me to do something .It''s really boring where I''m at. 
 Pineville  LA  Rapides County) Beautiful woman  curvy and full in all the right places (not just bones) a man always needs something to grab on to. 
 The lengthened shadow of a man . 
 Jean looked around him; two women and a man stood, looking down at him. 
 He was (and is) a man unafraid to make noise and to fight justice, even if his own concept of it just may be occasionally off-kilter. 
 It''s ironic that a man who has spent much of his life under the influence of alcohol would have to live his post-stroke
 Vibrant historic Yellowstone National Park comes to life in this romantic mystery about a man hiding the truth, braving the west to become something more–and the woman who must confront his deception. 
 With a twist of the knob I''m finally led in, by a man who''s scorned me too much to defend. 
 He''s resolved to change Molly''s mind about him–as an editor and as a man . 
 On the surface, I saw a man who was willing to allow me anything that I needed. 
 For me, the bottom line on this article is that SWORDS is a machine that is sent to stand in the place of a man and kill people.) 
 In some instances, you can underestimate portions for a man , growing teenagers or just for the number of people in your household. 
 Down the tack came a man on a white horse, carrying a large red flag. 
 And what better teaching can a man 
 although it doesn''t quite succeed in getting across Wells'' central message  that  however it may otherwise appear  a man is always the master of his own destiny. 
 What else did a man or a woman need? 
 To a man !" 
 After arriving in Tokyo, Kenshin runs into a young woman named Kaoru Kamiya, who is tracking down a man who claims to be the Hitokiri Battosai, and has been tarnishing the name of Kaoru''s dojo. 
 as I feel now  that it is only rarely that men have the great good fortune of listening to such a man . 
 As a man , Lee struggled with self-acceptance and took a lifetime to find peace in his own skin. 
 It took in with it the whole life of a man , or if I may so express it, an eternity of circumstances. 
 Fawning media coverage of actor Sanjay Dutt''s conviction gave the sense of a man wronged. 
 She was married to a man named Shul, who [[ON:Shul''s Letter|tried and failed to convince her]] to flee Zuuk. 
 Uriah was one of David''s toughest military warriors, a man who was at that moment fighting for Israel (1 Chronicles 11:41). 
 When a man 
 His Christ is a man first and a god second. 
 A man named Dumont is on a train heading for Switzerland when he is killed by secret agent Bruno Kerrien. 
 In it, Perry plays screenwriter Hudson Milbank, a man convinced that he''s losing his mind and going insane. 
 He is after all, a man who was for better or for worse mentored by the late  great Townes Van Zandt
 because they refuse to stop teaching the traditional definition of marriage as being between a man and a woman, or to accept transgender and queer theory. 
 Although originally a man   Alpha Flight''s leader died fairly early on in the series'' run  the position being filled by his wife  Heather
 It doesn''t help that nearly a quarter of the story is consumed by a brief interview with Carl Bernstein, a man 
 Macmillan & Co.  London/New York  1961. * A. L. Rowse: '''' A Man of The Thirties''''  Weidenfeld & Nicolson  1979  . * A. L. Rowse: ''''A Cornishman Abroad''''  Jonathan Cape  1976
 I mean CelticWarrioress Posted by IronLion (Member # 16412) on : ^I told you guys he was a man didn''t I? 
 Joseph is a man of honour who takes his responsibilities to his clan and kin seriously. 
 Before the investigations ended the agents resolved that a man named ''''Stanley Kirby'''' put together the grouping. 
 "what? a man marrying a man ? what madness is this
 A video has surfaced online of a violent street fight in Texas which ended with a man shooting a woman many times. 
 A man who abused his wife might be reborn as a wife married to an abusive husband with no chance of escape. 
 If a man does not do his husbandly duties, his wife will not sit and wait around. 
 Miniature Crystal Champagne Flute Set: Wedding vows are special in the life of a man or woman who is bonded in front God. 
 Thirty minutes later it was time to clear the stage for the main act, who happened to be a man who has 47 years of career on his shoulders and whose music has played a pivotal role in the whole music industry. 
 A man openly carries a handgun in a holster at a 2010 open-carry protest in Campbell, Ohio. 
 A man who turned blue after self-medicating for a skin condition says his hue is lightening. 
 The staff member was working at the Co-op in High Street, Brampton, just after 9pm when a man walked into the store demanding money from the till. 
 A man who is a philosopher, a tactician, an inspiration and a mentor to himself. 
 Found out that a man [Sr.] who may have been his father died in 2014
 When a man who earns Ksh50  000 a month  has no other known business but owns a fleet of top of the range cars  houses  land
 it does donuts and arrives right back where it began: with Davis getting clocked and kicked in the gut by a man in a hat in an alley outside the Gaslight for no apparent reason. 
 I did come across an essay surrounding an envenomation in marseille, where a man inserted his finger into the snakes mouth. 
 Even the prettiest of girls feels as if they need to compete for a man . 
 So I say that they pass a law that a woman can only get involved with another woman if and only if (1.) she is married to a man   (2.) the man is aware of the other woman and agrees to it  and most importantly
 A man from another tribe but a man nonetheless. 
 You see the thing about women is that they respect primal and overt signs of strength in a man even if they themselves are made victims of it. 
 Marshall is coached by a man who has spent all but seven years of his life in the state of West Virginia. 
 "There''s a man moving on you north on 56th, a hundred yards, that could be an off-duty sheriff in plain clothes. 
 The labor of child rearing is spread over the most people, and a man who is married is less aggressive, among other reasons. 
 " A man gives an inaudible reply. 
 She meets a man named Gin who wears a mask. 
 So when we were approached by a man called Hassan from Sinapovo, who said he had a friend Nikolai, also from Sinapovo, with a digger, we were over the moon. 
 A Man I Know A man I know just asked me out To dinner and a play He is a nice enough man  I suppose But how can I tell him How I feel
 His angst towards most of Emery''s signings speaks of a man who holds grudges..... the worst thing possible in all human life. 
 As a man living on my own - I have to be "extra careful", by making sure that my "small head" don''t over ruled my "large head". 
 Personality: Salvius is a man easily provoked to both laughter and anger. 
 I didn''t pull pranks on Celina she took it like a man . 
 Soon you will kill a man for a sandwich once you get used to it. 
 You hide behind a towering oak, Though it wretched with age, As the silhouette of a man , a True Man, Steps out. 
 "The place is usually rented out for pool parties by a man called Simba." 
 I to am a man of God these days and I to have spent many years in the rooms of AA and NA! 
 It is clear that the more a man fixes his eyes upon the servants of a king  and the more notice he takes of them
 "Sixteen ferrets confiscated from a man in Santa Ana will be moved to a rescue sanctuary operated by a group licensed to care for them." 
 It''s surely one of the greatest lessons for a man to learn: that the more you give women the more they''ll want and complain about what they lack. 
 It was true that she was something unusual and at the age of twenty she met a man by the name of Vincent who would become the first ever turned vampire during a one-night stand. 
 However, couldn''t a man living in territory controlled by the Self- Administration marry another wife and not register it? 
 "It''s by a man called Thomas C Oden. 
 He has helped to keep six of Italy''s 10 recent shutouts and the prospect of facing an in-form Bale will hardly frighten a man who underwent chemotherapy for testicular cancer in 2014 while playing for Sassuolo. 
 Inside the candid biography, this conversational, authentically-written book tells the story of a man on a mission to find his own version of happy in a way that only a kid from the streets of New Jersey could attempt. 
 JENNY: There was an excerpt in a 2007 article about a man in Alabama threatening BetonSports. 
 If You Are A Man Who May Be Dissatisfied With Your Partner Then You Can Simply Get The Independent Escort Girls At Our Platform. 
 Sansari Ojha, 72, was said to be both drunk and high from smoking marijuana when he decapitated a man with an axe to appease a goddess. 
 a man with a tendency towards drinking (possible problem: inappropriate and/or reckless behavior). 
 a man a fish, feed him for a day. 
 In this humorous yet thoroughly offbeat spot, a man is hounded by a llama who has a penchant for spitting at him. 
 The 20-year-old Marine from Birmingham, Ala., was standing guard at a combat outpost in central Ramadi when he saw a man 400 yards away. 
 a man to account, I had to ensure she wasn''t high on something. 
 An example of a qualitative task describing a situation– a man pulls a dog but the dog does not move. 
 That is until a man exits from his old pickup and comes into her office. 
 Prisoners takes as its protagonist Keller Dover (Hugh Jackman), a man 
 Your sexuality never makes you more or less of a man . 
 A man in the row in front of mine noticed that there was a cart of luggage still sitting next to our plane. 
 On a back-to-school shopping trip, Henry and his mother encounter Frank Chambers, a man both intimidating and clearly in need of help
 Whether they were a man up or a man down
 how each has one dark chapter on which he wishes no eye to fall  and they will join in no outcry against a man who, as they know, is but something worse than themselves. 
 In the town on the south side of the mountain, a man awoke next to a beautiful woman and, for the life of him, couldn''t figure out why. 
 Time to be a man , Recruit. 
 He becomes a woman with the physical appearance of a man . 
 A man 
 What happened to our society why can a man not state his ideas without being labeled a racist. 
 He chooses what to pay for, he doesn''t taste blind, and I submit that even for a man whose palate is as consistent as anyone in the business, cognitive dissonance is at work. 
 What follows is the story of a man that I have loved. 再省女性深夜来访的故事交待, You sounded angry on the phone a little while ago. 
 A man with such a dubious and short history of public service, (possibly) becoming President? 
 And almost to a man they will remain unknown to history. 
 A small force had gathered at the edge of the Ralathe army, including a man dressed in silvered armour. 
 A man 
 Both of us had been married before but were greatly unfulfilled; She was married to a man with a nine inch Cock, but oblivious on how to excite a woman. 
 Story and photos by Cliff Gromer James Thomas, a man in his mid-50s at the time, bought this Hemi Charger R/T new in 1971 from Van Campen Dodge, in!-->!-->!-->!-->!-->... 
 A man is standing at a stove cooking fried eggs and bacon. 
 Whether a man was raised in a Park Avenue mansion or a farmhouse in Alabama  while on shore leave
 He remembered how Vin had been that night, more like an animal than a man . 
 In the hot August sun of 2009 in the small town of Centreville, Virginia, a man stood at the corner of Leesburg Pike and Tysons Corner with a hand-lettered sandwich board around his neck. 
 and we cannot and will not sanction a man who is guilty of such things
 Jundub reported that the Apostle of Allah narrated: A man said: By Allah, Allah will not forgive so and so. 
 In connexion with this quotation it is interesting to note that Cerinthus taught that Christ was a man   and nothing more
 whom the always-great Paul Giamatti plays as a man 
 A man   who should pursue rational tracks of knowledge to his utmost power  would discover  we own
 He was said to be a good and considerate superior to his brethren and a man of compassion and charity to all those in need. 
 a philosopher  and a man of the world, suave, courteous, and diplomatic. 
 " A man is acting for the screen. 
 And one of those that was welcomed with open arms by British academia, was a man called Klaus Fuchs. 
 A man with an everlasting supply of muscle relaxant writes his own ticket on fraternity row, I assure you that. 
 There is no essential difference between the death of a sun and that of a man or of the smallest atom. 
 In step 1 we choose a man for Alice, in step 2 we choose a man for Betty, etc., until all 5 women have a partner. 
 When she finally did meet a man who was taking personal emotional responsibility, the relationship was short-lived. 
 And Michelle are you a man or woman today? 
 It is deep discussion on the nature of faith, belief and what God wants from a man who has been pondering the question for the better part of the last half century. 
 (3) That these seven Gods, each of whom created a man , or group of men, were "the gods imprisoned or incarnated." 
 And yet in the ''Christian'' Iconography of the Catacombs no figure of a man appears upon the Cross during the first six or seven centuries. 
 So, The Wind Rises is a movie that focuses on a man named Jirou Horikoshi  the designer of the A6M Zero fighter plane of World War II
 And now you will appreciate what I told you earlier in our conversation, namely, that much depends on the example that a man leaves after him. 
 Behind every picture there is a man in prison. 
 As the years past Quite a man he''s become. 
 Tonight, two old friends would reminisce about a man they both missed. 
 His greatest happiness in life was his excellent son Mehmed (Mehmet the ConquerorMurad II was essentially a man of peace and he prefered to lead a quiet life. 
 A man here is leaving his grave every evening, coming over to us and sucking his fill of blood from this poor youth." 
 Between these tumults I am trying to be a man 
 Forensic scientists, working for the prosecution, took body parts harvested from a man who had died of natural causes  and as a video camera recorded the experiment
 Unmarried spinsters pursue men into their bedrooms; strip themselves naked before a man they have sworn to seduce – in full day light  in woods  and – because that man won''t have them
 When a man slanders me as he does why shouldn''t I say to him "Well if you force me
 and the one of most courteous disposition  and the equal at thirteen to another of eighteen – there was a man from the Island of the Mighty wandering the world
 This then is the meaning of the theosophical saying: When a man recognizes the god within himself  he will see divinity everywhere
 On the day of Teresina Del Rey''s funeral, arcia remembered a man crying. 
 At that time, the mere asking by Diaz for a man he wanted was enough to spirit a man across the line to be shot. 
 She will think it is a man she knows  a man of her village  but when she makes the last turn of the last dance of the night
 Evidence from a man who had seen and spoken to Dyer when she had disposed of the two bodies at Caversham Lock also proved significant. 
 The building belonged to a man named Magie, and was uninsured. 
 My Great Grand Father was a man of means, having also built Rose Cottages (1898) & Sunnyside (1899) before building Brooklands." 
 *Lyrics from Aretha Franklin''s Baby, Baby, Baby from her album I Never Loved A Man The Way I Love You. 
 The drama opens with a man and his daughter walking in the garden. 
 A man eating his dinner... 
 David Gilmore Fales was a man of great mechanical talent  and an expert machinist
 The image of a man just caught off in a corner of the frame started to immerge as Josiah played with the computer software. 
 Christopher Carley (2007''s "Lions for Lambs") essays a positive representation of a man of faith who isn''t defined strictly by his religion. 
 A man was arrested in Utrecht in connection with the situation. 
 So sparse, so spare, that photos of the home scream of a man in transition, perhaps a permanent one. 
 Tom (Patrick Dempsey) is a man about town, wealthy from his invention of coffee holders and unable to commit to anyone beyond a one-night stand. 
 To return to the seed-consciousness, whether of a plant or of a man – when that seed wants to manifest, it takes on materials of various levels or gradations so that it can express itself. 
 Al was a great friend to many of us at RMI, and a man who will be remembered for his humility  clear moral sense  generosity of spirt  sense of humor
 Then there was "Smoking Peter," a big, man-hating woman who disguised herself as a man . 
 a man 
 When a man doesn''t respond to that with  "Phew  I''m glad that didn''t bother you  since unwanted touching is so ubiquitous
 ALL: The kind o'' weather makes a man Hit like hell! 
 a man in white in his dreams. 
 He had become a man with responsibilities and dependents. 
 A man came and brought two pieces of meat and paid for ten songs, and while we were airing them, he ordered another forty. 
 A man in his sixties or even older  the mysterious man known only as Gateway is a mutant of Aborigine descent
 At the ashram of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, in 1976, a man searching for salvation must confront his capacity for violence and darkness. 
 Mr. Smith replied, that he professed to be nothing but a man , and a minister of salvation, sent by Jesus Christ to preach the gospel. 
 And so the time comes when a man is imbodied in life after life till his evolution is so far progressed that he passes beyond the devachan. 
 The book is set in an undescribed, fictional, and surreal city and country, where a man named Jose is a clerk at a central registry (central registries are real things in countries of Iberian cultures
 There was a man standing barely two paces away from him, a man wearing a jacket of the Azurite military. 
 I went to look... there was a man ... 
 A man you haven''t fucked yet, and only kissed once?" 
 a man , but a Turk.'''' 
 When a man thus dreams, his Freemasonry touches the heart because it comes from the heart." 
 Jacques Tardi is a man uncomfortable with success. 
 Gerardo''s clichйd maxims are the luxuries of a man who has never faced the reality of his enemy''s power. 
 A man is followed Juliette to her home. 
 "That was the funniest thing I saw since Nuriko was revealed to be a man !!! 
 I know a man who used to live on a hilltop, in a house with an expansive ocean view. 
 hurried to the scene  evacuated two people from their vehicles  called for help  and then performed first aid on a man who''d been trapped in his vehicle. 
 Spannaus: Today, we''re pleased to have with us on The LaRouche Connection, a man who is fast becoming, along with Lyndon LaRouche, the most famous political prisoner from the United States. 
 Question: "Why are so many Russian women looking to marry a man from the west. 
 A man of scholarly attainments and wide reading
 And wasn''t Liev Schreiber just in a movie called "Defiance" where he played a man who was too murder- and vengeance-minded for his brother''s tastes? 
 a man who gave his name as "Joseph Johnson " but whose fingerprints resembled those of defendant
 The coroner testified that, in his opinion, the remains were those of a man . 
 It is, of course, easily conceivable that a man might be suffering from arteriosclerosis to such a marked degree that his ultimate collapse is but a matter of time
 A unisex sweater will look like a men''s sweater on a man and a women''s sweater on a girl. 
 Other evidence linking Defendant to the murder included the testimony of three persons who reported seeing a man matching Defendant''s description near the place of the murder and around the time of the murder
 "I guess my bluff got out of hand, and they got after me with a club and a man has a right to protect his property." 
 A woman testified that in July 1987, she had been walking outside of a convenience store in the northeast El Paso when a man identified as Wood, and matching his description, asked if she needed a ride. 
 He was a man of many businesses, and all I knew was what Mr. Pond sent to me. 
 " I have heard a legend about a man that lived in the Howe and another in the Corvallie. 
 you probably guessed  veer into silly Claude Lelouch ( A Man and a Woman, And Now... 
 So, the principal guilt for World War I, was a man who was already dead  Edward VII  the Lord of the Isles  who pre-orchestrated the war  which his suckers followed
 Willie Horton  to escape to Maryland  where he raped a woman and stabbed a man , dumping his body in a trash can. 
 A man avenges his raped girlfriend, embroiling himself in an irremediable process of violence... 
 Here in Nashville, some are directing their ire at a man they know well: the Senate majority leader  Bill Frist
 A man ! 
 lolly lo Like the time I beheaded a man who was beating his naked wife ALL Lolly lo
 Every time I speak to a survivor of sexual violence, or sit down with a man arbitrarily detained and tortured for simply being Kachin  under suspicion of being a KIA member
 22:59, 20 December 2014 (diff | hist) . . (+6) . . Skyrim:Japhet (Undo: Japhet was a man . 
 Hermocrates gives instruction to his servant to follow the young a princess, disguised as a man , and not allow her to meet with Agis in any case. 
 Similarly, one Book of Mormon name used for a man that might have seemed awkward  Alma
 Imagine a man who decides to take stock of his way of life  who  unhappy in his sinful conduct
 We also get the sense of a man deeply connected to his music and its beauty. 
 In two LCD panels, displayed like leaves of a book, the video artist depicts the weeping of a man and a woman. 
 "The betrothal rites involving food only apply when a woman offers them to a man ." 
 Ellen smiled down at Liam; his expression was one of a man thoroughly enjoying carnal pleasure-a devilish, boyish look. 
 for the use of a talented violin student  a suitable gesture from a man who also pursued an active love of chamber music throughout his life 
 Bishop tells them to stand down, and points out that they are protecting a man who owes them a lot of answers. 
 He is a man after God''s own heart. 
 This was not a big expense for a man whose wealth is estimated at over $17 billion. 
 At the age of 58 his widow remarried a man nine years her junior. 
 "We need a man who is well respected by the people, a man who does not have a history of corruption and oppression. 
 a man 
 There is just so much agony a man can deal with in a day. :icon_smile: 
 Just then a man approached her from behind  clasped his gloved hand over her mouth  held a knife to her throat
 Shouting a warning to halt, he and his men had approached until the two people became recognizable in the moonlight as a man and woman. 
 My wife fucking a man who was a complete stranger a couple hours ago. 
 The goddess of hunt with the bow hands a flask with a red liquid to a man , that together with his wife, presumably, are occupied with distilling something in large flasks and vessels. 
 In pride of place on the mantle were two framed photos, one of young Meryl on a steam locomotive with a man who Tara assumed to be her father. 
 on the 17th of April 2005 Inspection Tiger headquarters received information about a man , Mr. Gotunok, trying to sell an Amur leopard skin in Vladivostok. 
 Was that a man he saw near that scrub?--No, just a shadow from the stump nearby. 
 A) I''m a man . 
 My opinion of this story is the same as was a man once said to another, who asked him in a drawling tone of voice, "Do you believe the account about No-ah?" 
 The Divine Master is a God and a man . 
 To be certain the film falls into the raging macho, a man''s gotta do what a man ''s gotta do existential angst category but at the same time other than being there what is the point it''s trying to make. 
 producing eerie contrasts: A horse grazes peacefully alongside it; children eat a snack  or a man trudges home, in its shadow. 
 the 1989 film starring Helen Mirren and Michael Gambon  it centers on a woman having an affair with a man at her abusive husband''s restaurant. 
 what a man  What a Man  what a man) What woman (What a Man) What a woman (What a Man  what a man) What a woman wants (What a man ) C''mon we all know what a bird really wants is a rock solid Mmhmm COMMITMENT Look at me
 When asked what I do I just say I''m a shaman like a man that works with electricity says he''s an electrician or one that works with wood a carpenter. 
 "Make-up artist Kevyn Aucoin wasn''t just a man who knew how to apply blush... 
 A man in an overcoat and hat sits reading a newspaper on the sidewalk. 
 As for me, I''m less a Man of Faith and more a Man of Science. 
 I imagine Lennon would''ve been much like a modern-day Mark Twain, a man 
 LaRouche: Mahathir is a man of courage. 
 There exists from antiquity a long work by a man called Athenaeus, a Greek writer from Naucratis in Egypt, who wrote The Philosophers at Dinner.[ 
 A man was seen by several witnesses in the area over the weekend in distress and holding his head in his hands. 
 "Dad''s good friend is Kurt Vonnegut, a man whose books, back when I was in high school and college, were practically required reading for everyone I knew. 
 I found it *extremely* amusing that you immediately assumed  presumably from my occupation  that I am a man . 
 They stopped at a case that had a mannequin of a man dressed in a World War II naval LSO outfit. 
 When a man is bald at the front, that''s sexy! 
 and there have been a lot of Zoom-based dramas " he laughs with the weary air of a man who has had to watch a lot of Zoom-based dramas over the last few months. 
 a part-time bouncer at The Radio Tavern  told police he was knocked to the floor of the bar on Dec. 18  2003  when a man other than Mayweather broke a bottle over his head. 
 For example, the highest "rank" a man can attain in the York Rite is that of a Knight Templar  out of the hundreds of thousands of Knights Templar in the world
 especially after being so unfaithful in the past  I thought that maybe I should find a man who can fuck her. 
 It had become monotonous to fuck a man so dead inside of himself, despite the drugs. 
 Not until a man can prove that he has never done any sin
 I have some army buddies, and to a man one of the things they said they learned was to take care of their boots  because if you take care of your boots
 You never had the chance to see him grow up, to become a man . 
 This truly was a man of capacious moral vision and energies. 
 The two guards gave assistance to a man who was motionless in the water and losing consciousness after striking his head on the bottom of the ocean floor July 6
 As wise as he was, he was a man from other times. 
 This is a man who has stated "film is not the art of scholars  but of illiterates " yet he continues  year after year
 That when a man consumes the Eucharist he is "dwell in Christ, and to have Christ dwelling in him." 
 Many a good cause has been lost or disgraced and many a man of extensive property ruined by not supporting necessary measures in time. 
 A man who declared for King Charles was shot and killed. 
 In the ten minutes this work takes Woodson, Keith decides to sell his four bags to a man in a large pickup truck. 
 Responding to reports of a man trying to break into the building at 421 S. College Ave., police found Currell already inside when they arrived. 
 The Heiresses is uncommon for being a film written and directed by a man that''s led entirely by women; there''s rarely a man onscreen at all, apart from the partner of a supporting player. 
 This indicates that God''s "original ideal" is for a man to be the husband of one wife and for the marriage to be permanent. 
 A woman must gain the trust of a man such as this. 
 In The Measure Of A Man 
 A man who does not believe that he needs to ask God for forgiveness of his sins. 
 On the one hand, unlike two people of the same sex, John and Eugenie can marry each other simply because one is a man and the other a woman, even though they know almost nothing about each other. 
 While we were on the way to the scene we heard a voice of a man saying ''please help''. 
 About Us Grace Quality Used Cars was started 20 years ago. by a man . whose 30 years of experience in the auto industry. sales and services culminated in the birth of this organization. 
 (heat, i.e. wrath, of God), a man of Simeon, of the family of Shaul. 
 the comraderie It''s better with a man Henry: Better with a man 
 Playwright Ryan Calais Cameron says: "Typical is the story of a Black man that is just a man when he is in the comfort of his home  but as he leaves
 He appointed Mike Pence, a man who openly does not believe in science, to be in charge of the COVID-19 response. 
 "In legal writing circles, the term ''Brill'' is also associated with Ralph Brill, a man who has shone brightly  has radiated light on his school and his colleagues  has demonstrated excellence
 If you say that marriage is the union of a man and a woman, you are a bigot. 
 In a universe in which Russia is the first country to put a man on the moon
 Based off a Man O'' War four-bolt block, the engine has copped a bit of an update since we last saw it on the dyno a few years back. 
 In 2007 Knocked Up saw a man outsmarted by his own sperm. 
 In many church cultures, hiring a man is still default. 
 the Britannic judiciary had been embarrassed by having consented to execute a man for murder, when the individual believed to have been murdered later returned to the village very much alive. 
 Those were the days when I was transforming from a boy to a man . 
 I think a man who wasn''t brain-washed would be possessed by a strong urge to protect his family and would be a very good convincer. 
 In May 2020, just a few months into the pandemic, he called one of the managers he oversaw, a man named Hong Shi, to ask him to remove that alert. 
 a man and a woman inside a couple. 
 Her latest centres on a young-looking android who lives with a man she calls her father until she becomes compelled to set off into the woods one night. 
 Dong Yue Huang Xiaoming stars in this crime drama about a successful lawyer who once pushed a man into a river during a violent altercation. 
 One such letter was from a man also named David who was incarcerated in Arkansas for 20 years for rape. 
 As I walked through Breckenridge on Sunday, three women approached a man and his dog with excitement: "We miss our dogs since we''ve been here." 
 Each man in his own unique way is distinctly a man . 
 leaving Kelly and Toby at the mercy of the psychopath  who they learn is named ''Red'' Lynch (Ross Martin)- a man who has killed previously. 
 Katie''s misguided search for parental love leads to an ongoing affair with a priest in high school  marriage to a man twice her age in college, and a twelve year affair with a married man in adulthood. 
 but a right  that I was a man , not a mouse. 
 When armed intruders take over SD-6, led by McKenas Cole, a man bent on exacting revenge on ex-boss Sloane, Sydney and Jack must work together to save their colleagues. 
 . In other news a man was bitten by a dog while he attempted to take a shortcut through the dog''s yard. 
 There, a rabid coyote assaulted a man and his toddler an hour after lunging at a teenager. 
 a man of the highest character
 The record shows that a man   identified at trial as the appellant
 Jesus had to become a Man in order to be our Substitute and bear our punishment. 
 Khosrow had at his court a man who claimed to be Maurice''s son Theodosius (son of Maurice)  Theodosius
 The lives of millions depended on the judgment of a man whose mind was warped by arteriosclerosis and the strong medication digitalis. 
 It is known that there are two faculties of life with man, Will and Understanding; for a man can will and he can understand  and what is more  he can understand what he does not will
 and Daniel Merriweather  who guests on a slow-burning Toxic and a show-stopping Stop Me  the show is a celebration of a man who has come out of the shadows of the studio with his album Versions and grabbed the spotlight for himself. 
 (5) A man , then, from being natural becomes spiritual. 
 Scortatory love makes a man (homo) not man; yea  the man not a man: but conjugial love makes a man (vir) more and more a man; yea
 George is not just a man who has friends: he is the friend – and son  brother  husband – that everyone else depends upon
 If any mask is upon my face this day, it shall be the selfsame I have worn for all these long days, when a man loyal to the true king cannot show his face for fear of murderous reprisal. 
 THE MORE NEARLY A MAN IS CONJOINED TO THE LORD THE HAPPIER HE BECOMES. 
 Only through regeneration does a man obtain spiritual good which consists in willing and in doing good from the affection of the love of good, no. 4538. 
 The bravura mirror monologue infers that beauty (in a monument or a man or the fluidity with which he moves his life forward) is dangerous because it exists in a suspended state
 When I asked whether they knew that a man must examine himself see his sins  repent  and then enter upon a new life  and that otherwise sins are not remitted
 As a man finds such difficulty in distinguishing between these two  he therefore does not know what is the being of his life
 For the Rational, wherein is the understanding, is opened successively as a man grows up. 
 If a sparrow die not without your Father, surely a man does not,--a Christian,--a minister,--my friend, my child. 
 You don''t need a man to be happy and successful and complete. 
 All convos with the women in this movie involved a man . 
 ''When a man steals an ox or a member of the flock'' means whoever takes away from someone his good, exterior or interior. 
 The sins done by a man are rooted in his very life
 And because a man is justified and saved by this one article only  it follows that all other things of faith
 When Mary receives her angel visitation, she wans to know "how" she could become pregnant without having sex with a man . 
 Prosecutors have sought the death penalty for a 25-year-old man who allegedly stabbed a man to death with a dagger and injured his three children at their home in Osaka Prefecture in 2016. 
 To some women it might have seemed an alarming risk to go to a comparatively solitary spot with a man who had some of the outward signs of that madness which Tito attributed to him. 
 The 7th Dawn  Sands of the Kalahari  Kaleidoscope  A Man For All Seasons, Battle of Britain and the provocative lesbian drama The Killing of Sister George. 
 He had a peaceful time, as much so as a man could have that has killed his body and begins to be afraid he has killed his soul. 
 a man "). 
 To a man they had been willing enough to give their verdict for the execution of Silas
 a strike in which a man was actually killed by the police. 
 Seems if - - " Here he broke off again, and Raven took satisfaction in the concluding phrase: "It''s no way to talk when a man ''s lamed himself so''s''t he can''t git round the room ''thout bleedin'' to death." 
 His first incarceration was at 16 after killing a man who tried to rob him. 
 Martin Amis''s 1991 novel ''''Time''s Arrow'''' tells the story of a man who, it seems, brings dead people to life. 
 A man whose words contradicts his own words is not telling the truth. 
 Leviticus 20:13 – ''if a man lays with another man he should be stoned.'' 
 I went in and caught sight of a man with a saw cutting through the naked back of a female mannequin to repair it. 
 At his feet a man went sliding over  open-eyed  on his back
 Specifically, he disagreed with the understanding that the authority of a man 
 then released a second photo showing Ahmadinejad in the same pose  but in this case hugging a man . 
 (Of course though, that claim ignores that God is fully able to fulfill any actual "calling", and would not need a man to force any "calling". 
 The missionary position or man-on-top position is a sex position in which, generally, a woman lies on her back and a man lies on top of her while they face each other and engage in vaginal intercourse. 
 a man and a woman are made really and permanently one
 The song tells the story of a man sick with love for a woman. 
 The distance a Khasi arrow will carry, shot from the ordinary bow by a man of medium strength, is 150 to 180 yards. 
 Malew ; a man at the Jalloo  Maughold ; a painter living in College Street  Ramsey ; a man employed in the coal-trade at Ramsey ; and J. G., a farmer at Ballabeg, Andreas. 
 An advocate, who fancied himself a smart brow-beater, once got a fall from a man of imperturbable gravity. 
 All period pieces, each of these three great works meditates on gender, honor, loyalty, and power through the story of a man who is, by movie''s end, a dinosaur. 
 A man must be either miserably out of sorts, or fearfully hard up for sensational colour, to make a snatch at Salisbury Plain. 
 She drove him to his club, and, after a man has had a triumph, a woman will not drive him to his club if my darling, you must trust me! 
 you need to see his strength  and to hear his shout . You need a man physically strong  and virile in his will  not a sensitive man .'' There was a break
 I asked him if he considered the head of a man all the man, or if the shoulders and the arms were all the man. 
 by the Holy Ghost  to those who seek and search; and that the Holy Ghost  though a spirit personage  is in the form of a man . 
 on peeping through the key-hole of his door  that he was engaged in one of the oddest of occupations for such a man , sweeping down from the ceiling, by means of a walking-cane, a long cobweb which lingered on high in the corner. 
 and said "don''t tie up a man as to the proper disposal of his property". 
 Externally speaking, the rising solicitor, who was going to try his luck at the Bar, looked like a man who was going to succeed. 
 He was like a man checkmated at chess every way he turned he was sure to lose if he moved. 
 "[i]n the same way as a girl is promised as wife to a man , her brother is promised before or shortly after birth to his sister''s prospective husband as an initiate. 
 "At Crecy the bravest had to turn their backs, for what can a man do with a horse which is mad with pain and fear? 
 Of course, any woman of average wit could have put a man in the wrong at once with equal readiness though given a far less vulnerable opening
 But not a man , woman, or child there gave vent to his or her feelings in laughter. 
 I don''t know if I was a human or an animal, a woman or a man ." 
 I understand that he is not a man of my nephew''s stamp." 
 except when discussing morality; politically conservative  but culturally something of a primitivist romantic; a man who prided himself on his severe practicality  but who seemed genuinely fascinated by such things as reincarnation
 while her husband has troubles of his own  when the description of a man who exposes himself to school children sounds like Hutch. 
 Don''t you want a man in your life again? 
 Increased suicide risk was associated with being a man (or a woman during deployment)  white race/ethnicity  junior enlisted rank  recent demotion
 "I suspected there must be legends about a house as old as this," I replied, "and a man we met some distance from here told us that that " 
 A boy becomes a man   giving of himself by fasting for four days  seeking a vision or dream on the land
 It is an honour to a man to have conquered the world, but a disgrace to a woman to have fought with it. 
 When you go forward you tell the crowd what kind of a man I am, and tell them that if they behave themselves I''ll be a father to ''em.'' 
 The quay was quite deserted; not a man of the Halbrane crew was ashore. 
 A biologist who was a man talking about increasing to 5bn  but thats what storytelling is all about it because it is to keep me dry. 
 Case 2: A Man in His Mid-40s After 4 Sessions of 18-Hour Prone-Position Ventilation 
 Nor can a man average more than two or three editorial articles a week such as "The Times" prints every day. 
 Morange, the chief accountant at Beauchene''s works, was a man of thirty-eight, bald and already gray-headed, but with a superb dark, fan-shaped beard, of which he was very proud. 
 How I despise a man who is ever on the watch to pick up every silly Miss''s fan or glove that she thinks it pretty to drop! 
 Indeed, we have here a man of such heroic size that it is no easy matter to define him. 
 A sincere determination to love Jesus even in the midst of your weakness is a huge part of being a man or woman after God''s own heart. 
 "No, I did not lose it; it was stolen from me by a man who warned me against thieves." 
 It was the biography of a soldier from our side, a man I knew of. 
 He was a book-lover, a man full of fine tastes and cultured elegant ways of thinking. 
 If you''re a man , you take it.'' 
 The figure, so far as he could distinguish it, was more like that of a boy than a man . 
 The psychologist needs to be a man 
 To the natural insouciance of his aristocratic bringing-up he had added the steely reserve of a man moving in the large world, engaged more often than not in some hazardous enterprise. 
 and there is nothing  as you know  my friend  that a man cannot face if he knows it must be faced." 
 A man sat ramrod straight behind a desk. 
 A man with experience knows that he can make a better bird from a good one. 
 "And yet," he resumed presently, "never did a man more crave a sight of those he left behind. 
 Alone at night in an express, with a man not drunk enough to be helpless but too drunk to be controlled. 
 for if any one of you say that, I can answer him: ''A man can be like God; you can be like God; for there was once a man on earth, Jesus, the son of the Blessed Virgin, who was perfectly like God.'' 
 Once, after playing golf with a man in America, he offered to drive me to town in his motor-car. 
 Cash is the kind of guy who holds nothing back when he is trying to get what he wants, and when a man like that sets his sights on you... *shiver* Mindy is a breath of fresh air in Cash''s world. 
 I''m not a man . 
 And remember, she is not a man . 
 defaming him & disrespectful to a Man of God for not going back & telling EVERYBODY about it..but I can''t help it because its too funny!! 
 Julia: It''s been a long time since a man prepared my breakfast. 
 Jesus a Saviour born, A man: A man of sorrows, smitten, torn By stripes: By stripes, O Lord, my soul is healed, By stripes, Thy stripes, my pardon sealed. 
 There she stood gazing after her husband, until she saw him enter the tavern mentioned as being kept by a man named Parker  when  with a heavy  fluttering sigh  she passed into the house
 It settles, centralizes, and confirms a man , I have heard. 
 My reader must understand that Andrew had never been a man of resolution. 
 "I promised a man to look in and see the show at The Happy with him to-night. 
 Pushed to respond as to whether he had in fact become white, Cathcart parried with all the confidence of a man who hasn''t realised his sword is made of cardboard, saying: 
 A man cannot leave a better legacy to the world than a well-educated family. --Thomas Scott11 
 A man of business  wholly indifferent as to the result of his ventures
 He was a man of culture, and in the affairs of life displayed unusual common sense. 
 A man learning day by day to live a different way of life, suddenly. 
 Upon further investigation, he discovers Lime had turned into a man he barely recognized, an amoral con artist with a steel-strong contempt for human life. 
 "I''m not going to apologise for troubling you; I''m sure you must be quite pleased to have for once in the way a man come to view you, not to interview you. 
 While the first two stories dealt with women (though very different women), the Philippian jailor was a man – a man with a family  probably a former soldier (most jailors of his type were)
 of whom Alexander H. Stephens of Georgia was one  nearly to a man felt bound, as good citizens, to acquiesce in the decision of their States and even to uphold this in arms. 
 We take a man as we find him; and if he is a good, hearty, honest fellow, that is enough for us. 
 He wore a grizzled military moustache, but his hair was singularly black for a man of his years. 
 Your Pyrrhas, Glyceras, and others of the like, were not stable persons for a man of our days to bind his life to one of them. 
 Upon that he said that I would do; for that when a man got over the first blush of diffidence, he soon began to look upon it as a puff of destiny. 
 Jack Kendall was a man on a mission. 
 They are reporting a haunting of a man and a little girl..." 
 that is  in the sense in which we say ''That white (thing) is a man ''
 He put down the letter at last with a curious smile: the smile of a man who does not want to acknowledge that he suffers pain. 
 They are the imaginings of the high honour and affection which a man feels for noble, natural and honest womanhood. 
 Next comes the question, What is the highest type of a man ? and the highest destiny of a man? 
 It was the portrait of a man about forty years of age  of rather a pronounced Continental type  with a short brown beard  a straight
 Trees were uprooted around town, a man was struck by lightning, and the gathering hail looked as if a snowstorm had passed through. 
 "Wo is me," said he, "for I am undone, because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips." 
 I don''t know but there is a man in the world who  without having seen a law book before
 The end''s so near, It is all one What track thou steer, What work''s begun Some deed, some plan, As thou''rt a man ! 
 It was at the moment that a man 
 And by the same law also it is lawful for a man to defend himself against an unjust power  so he keep due circumstance
 We can''t expect a man to just sit down there and have no idea what''s going on musically.... 
 You were a man attentive to your own image. 
 The party is led by Richard Rich, the Solicitor General, a man about whom you''re persistently rude. 
 Mr Giddins said someone had come into the cafe and told him there was a man asleep at one of the tables located outside of the cafe. 
 Suppose a man comes to great damage for some folly that he has wrought
 and he be made sorrowful for being and doing such folly: There is nothing more common than for such a man   if he may  to walk to and fro in the room where he is  with head hung down
 And the Jews no doubt thought it would be easy to persuade a man who  as they knew to their cost
 A man visited a London DriveTest centre with his son  who wanted to take the theory component of the road test
 The waiter had acted like a man who was running away. 
 A TERANG plumber is likely to lose 90 per cent of his business after being convicted of bashing a man who had a 10-year affair with his wife. 
 that they had ''attacked  beat and robbed a man who was passing''  and that ''in one instance one of our men  while drunk
 With the program poised to expand nationwide, Precrime Chief John Anderton (Cruise) is accused of a killing a man he''s never heard of, 36 hours in the future. 
 Better have the gypsy gang driven out of the county and a man and a woman strung up, than let Cousin Molly Belle go to jail for wearing men''s clothes. 
 Age has barely mellowed him and large chunks of his performance at the Queens Hall burned with the ache and fury of a man for whom the weight of the world still weighs heavy. 
 Unfortunately, a man lost his life at Vadodra station, who was there just to catch a glimpse of SRK. 
 When a man converses with but few ladies
 Both men and women are affected by gender roles that attempt to define what it means to be a man or a woman. 
 Catesby was the most Irish  sporting a bowler hat  which made him seem like a man Bloom might have encountered in any pub in Dublin, perhaps even The Citizen himself. 
 Cristiano Ronaldo looked like a man on a mission and managed two goals; Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema also managed the same output. 
 "It would be irresponsible to put a man with such a strong track record of anti-worker convictions a tweet away from leading the Department of Labor. 
 A man was apprehended by the public after he stabbed a bottle store employee in Redcliffe – Verulam. 
 Got the art for the Just A Man promo comic. 
 If a site had provided visitors information about cookies, permitted secure connections (secure to a man in the middle) and not shared information about its visitors
 A man doesn''t hide his sexuality. 
 Suddenly, strangely, he did not look like an enemy for just a moment, but like a man . 
 "I found a pastor who could read it, a man from Roanoke, and he also said it was the language of the Angels. 
 I found it in the saddle of a man , a prince, riding a brontosaur." 
 A man 
 The island has no men anywhere in sight to the point that Diana has not ever seen a man and has only read of them in some Amazonian Encyclopedia. 
 What I see here is that Tylor is a man that believes aggressive assertions are compliments in their truest form. 
 It''s an astonishing series of portraits of a man and a culture disconnected from reality, surveying an empire that does not exist. 
 Women often think that what a man says before and what he feels after will be different. 
 Then from the dark corner of the patio, a man stood up and grabbed my hand with immediacy, with his frail wrinkled hand. 
 These complaints somehow ring hollow from a man whose Web site sometimes seems to be a celebration of verbiage, numbers and contestation. 
 Someday, I want a man to look at me that way, and kiss me on a dance floor. 
 But if its being essentially a man is to be the same as either being essentially a not-man or essentially not being a man , then its essence will be something else. 
 A man 
 Christensen confirmed that a man parked in front of the building gave chase to the armed robbers as they drove into the countryside. 
 That a man could combine the functions of prophecy  lawgiving  philosophy
 The Rabbi goes on to speak appreciatively of Jesus as a man   acknowledges his excellent human qualities  emphasizes his good intentions
 If a man or a woman makes 5 genuine friends in a lifetime they are beating the average by a lot. 
 You had a man who had a record of assault and who was clearly not in his right mind  who was armed
 Last week a man came up to me at Third and Cherry. 
 A report was sent in this morning that a man answering the description of Mead was seen in North Somers headed north, and the state police again checked up. 
 Sure enough, summoned by the howl, a man crawled out of the break room and struggled to his feet. 
 The captain and narrator has lost his entire crew at sea, and McMahan''s voice has now become that of a man at his breaking point, incredibly desperate for survival but almost out of the strength to keep trying. 
 It was pioneered by Mark Reynier, former CEO of Bruichladdich and a man who is still obsessed with barley. 
 Once I saw a man dancing in the crowd with a 4-meter tall Veitchia joannis  which  in his alcoholic enthusiasm
 we will substitute the question "Why is Socrates a man ?" 
 Perhaps Lieberman is a big fan of Philip Roth''s book, "My Life As a Man ," in which the ethics of psychotherapy are explored in horrifying detail. 
 a Russian sex-god  and trying to talk herself out of lusting after a man twenty years her junior. 
 Women renounce Man so that their man "remains a man " (André 103). 
 They are a man and a woman, and they killed the woman''s husband. 
 In other words, Joan is an iron-willed woman who very easily dominates Sir Robert, who is seen as a man of many doubts and no strong convictions. 
 rootless  not belonging to any respectable clan  a man without a country  the progeny of the trash of a man 
 What else could a man ask for. 
 Of course when a man first writes the above words  and after that is engaged for fifty years
 a man that wants a readymade family, would be willing to accept other children as my own also. 
 So yeah, normal stuff happens now, they get married, have a baby, the baby is murdered by a man looking to build an undersea colony for black people, you know, usual stuff. 
 Anybody else know such a man ? 
 he led the Avengers for nearly 50 years and he is the man that Gods defer to when the situation calls for a man to step up to the plate despite being usually the least powerful man in the room. 
 a man worked. 
 Their leader, a man with a fine voice and ready wit, is Mendoza. 
 If, however, there is a man who slanders and does not believe in this treatise
 i.e.  it does not follow upon man according to all its subjective parts  for it is not valid to say  "He is a man , therefore he is an irrational animal." 
 Prince was an enigma of a man who valued his privacy and who also consciously cultivated his mystique. 
 Chicago Cubs Minors: Yohendrick Pinango has been a man on fire 
 However, Betty=Jennifer/ the new Mrs. DeWinter is dead-on; a woman married to a man 
 He was not a man who slept well in a place that was not his own. 
 too crude and unrelenting to be borne  and so we deface and adorn to make the thing itself smaller than a man or larger than life. 
 "Oh everyone wants a man whether they know it or not. 
 Think Like a Man neatly sticks each into a category -- dreamer  non-committer  mama''s boy
 Upon arrival on scene, a man in his 30''s was found to be in a critical condition, badly burnt and unresponsive. 
 a man .'' 
 Police detained and identified a man at 8:59 p.m. at Alma Street and E. Creek Drive on the Menlo Park side of the creek. 
 Saturday 9th July, report (592 Kb) - Partly illegible - A man named Mulcahy, from this City/County, thrown from his horse by a pig running across the road. 
 Fezziwig - a man under whom Scrooge served as an apprentice who was very generous and threw large parties for his employees 
 She was just 24 when Danny Lynch – a man she''d dated for only two weeks – raped her then paid a hitman to attack her with sulphuric acid. 
 Paopao coached at Washington and was successful at developing the Tight Ends, "Being able to work for a man 
 Holmes  in his ongoing memoir  concocts a story about Minnie and a man named Hatch murdering the children. 
 " A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm" CM Schwab. 
 lawful marriages between same-sex couples may be defined as same-sex marriages  lawful marriage between a man 
 A good rule of thumb is a man will talk to his wife the same way he talks to his mother. 
 Also by this author: Esquire''s Things A Man Should Know About Sex; Esquire''s Things A Man Should Know About Handshakes  White Lies
 Every office was occupied by a man . 
 Mr Fairlie is not a man of business  but he has consulted his steward  who is
 The people took Amyas at his word; and a man was sent on to Burrough, to tell Mrs. Leigh that her son was coming. 
 Gardy, quite secure that he is the man of her choice, gives his consent to her marriage, and she marries sir George Airy, a man of 24. 
 What''s so unfeminist about ME, eh gals?? its not like i quit my job and sit around crying for a man ... of course i feel lonely and incomplete without a partner
 that matters: a man who points the finger at others rather than address his own failings is not a good leader and a man who demonises minorities in print as a journalist is liable to do the same  when he sees it as necessary
 Hence it often means the life of a man , as in Homer, where one''s life (aion) is said to leave him or to consume away (Iliad v. 685; Odyssey v. 160). 
 I was moving through the days and weeks like a murderer, like a man who has broken his neck looking over his shoulder. 
 to be let go by a man we did not know. 
 Giving males more control over how they act on emotions, such as Stop Now and Plan and Becoming a Man , will reduce violence. 
 New York  in 2005  after an informant claimed to have seen guns when he went there to buy drugs from a man known as "Polo." 
 But there is something I can do well, provided I am in the company of the half-Asian I like to call Greg Guffanti, a man among men. 
 Similarly ''a is not an animal therefore a is not a man '' follows, but not conversely. 
 a nervous  stuttering young man; Charlie Cheswick (Sydney Lassick)  a man disposed to childish fits of temper; Martini (Danny DeVito)  who is delusional; Dale Harding (William Redfield)
 Moses was a man of great humility, burt also a man of great faith who walked and talked with God. 
 Yeah but Guido Fawkes thinks the qualified QC is wrong, and he would know about legal procedure as a man 
 Blasey Ford described a scene in which she was pounced on, dragged into a room, and attacked by a man who was trying to remove her clothes while laughing and exchanging jokes with his friend. 
 I also liked Instead of Abracadabra from Sweden, about a man 
 the Funky Four Plus One''s "That''s the Joint" (with the music sample that newer heads will attribute to "I Got a Man "; it was also an inspiration for the Beastie Boys), and Grandmaster Flash''s "Scorpio". 
 A man helps protesters use a makeshift ladder to climb over concrete street barricades on September 29. 
 along with the notion that having been a man  and lived as a man 
 and the shooter walked in with an automatic rifle and just slaughtered them like lambs–" She stopped suddenly because a man in the crowd shouted to correct her that the gun used to kill 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School was  in fact
 Their movements echoed a man ''s pondering between two possible lovers
 A man places flowers in front of a statue of Yoichi Hatta  the Japanese engineer who built the Wushantou Reservoir
 A man walks past the New York Stock Exchange on April 5. 
 At least five people were dead in West Texas after a man stopped by state troopers for failing to signal a left turn opened fire and fled
 A man who repeatedly left quarantine  reportedly to visit his girlfriend
 "I felt saddened last night when I saw a picture on the Internet of a man 
 3/11 - A man seen on a security camera walking above the canal was confronted by police. 
 The Sefer Chasidim (siman 272) says that there was once a man 
 Abraham is a man of integrity and a keeper of the covenant made with God. 
 This was a man 
 Written by a man who has shared their real life experiences. ... READ MORE > 
 For 72 years, TIME named a Man of the Year. 
 a man . 
 At SOAS, a man kept yelling into the back of my head as my hosts escorted me out of the building. 
 When I later visited him at the sanatorium in England, I found him to be a tragic shell of the man I once knew, a man 
 Naturally, it''s also a solid destination for all your "Directed by Matt Campagna" needs; Six Reasons Why, Roots of a Man and Tactical Girls are all there for your viewing pleasure! 
 A man devoid of integrity, insight and ideas; a man totally lacking the appetite
 "To Really Love a Woman and To Really Love a Man 
 a man 
 I nodded my head and in a puff of smoke a man in a dark business suit appeared on the deck of the yacht. 
 LAST SCENE: STANZAS 7, 8, 9: SCENE 7: GLASS PLAYS PIANO superimposed titles: Here is a man who plays his destiny his future on the piano. 
 certainly it would be able to alert me of any foul play before diving in  because i''m a man – and thats what men do. 
 I would say that, if a man has truly conquered fear in his own heart  whether he remains an anarch or becomes a forest rebel is  as Juenger says
 LAUREL, Md. (WUSA9) -- A man was arrested Monday for PCP possession near a playground in Laurel. 
 A man with a schedule, the Doc rolled his eyes and over McDuff''s frantic pleas, hustled Finnegan to the rear. 
 "It''s harder to ascertain a man''s sexual preference, and it''s more dangerous to go up to a man in public." 
 It didn''t help that Hiroshi Yamada didn''t carry out the interview himself, instead letting his assistant, a man by the name of Kichida, ask the questions. 
 The first presenter was Kevin Reeves, on of the top engineers at Universal and a man responsible for a lot of "high-resolution" transfers and mastering for the e-Onkyo online store in Japan. 
 "On the air," we hear a man and woman exchange phrases: "You can''t accuse me." 
 This was a man I had never seen before walking into a most private and compromising situation. 
 I hope it is conceivable that a man may go to ruin gladly, if he see that thereby no shade falls on that he loves and adores. 
 Not only do Mormons today believe that God was once a man , they are also taught they too can become Gods. 
 A man from Uranium City, in Saskatchewan''s north, is concerned about the slow pace of environmental work in the area. 
 " A man may die from a hunger of the body. 
 Do you believe Jesus as a man is the sacrificial lamb of God  his only begotten son  that he died for our sins and rose again and is alive today
 he is actually a man in a broom closet. 
 Hoops facilitate the hoisting and lowering of the sail, and admit of its being lowered and hoisted without a man going aloft 
 He looked constantly as a man 
 Whether he did or not, I cannot be positive, but it is established beyond controversy, that a man came  first to Wells  then to Middletown  introduced the hazel rod
 It is also recognized that a man that gives all appearance of being qualified at one point in time may later prove himself unqualified. 
 The active ingredient efficiently boosts higher blood to the male reproductive organ, which helps a man to attain an erection. 
 The Betsy Paint Mate tool has really impressed course leader Scott Oliver, a man with years of experience in paint techniques and labour saving devices. 
 Professor Plum Bug: "I can see that BLUE has a man on the 5-point, the 3-point, and two men on the 2-point. 
 The cast includes Paul Williams (Phantom of the Paradise, Smokey and the Bandit) as a man 
 I met a man the other day  Just talked with him along the way; He bragged to me about his boy  Who once was young
 In 1663, a man 
 When Gribble attended local meetings he was shouted down, but this was not a man to be trifled with. 
 Such a varied body of work is admirable for a man who had been out of the industry for a decade. 
 The host that day was a well-to-do man and from what comes later it is clear that he was a man who regularly offered hospitality. 
 A Mouse is Not a Man or a Woman 
 The protagonist behind Mafia II is Vito Scaletta, a man who wants it all and will stop at nothing to get it. 
 Not at all, responds a man who survived the front lines of World War I. In his book  MERE CHRISTIANITY
 Carnival Fantasy  when her daughter was approached by a man who pulled into a secluded area, kissing and touching her inappropriately until she fought herself loose and ran away. 
 Soon after the UFO landed in front of Air Force One, a man many assumed to be the president  came to the doorway of the plane
 If a man feels himself worthy to be accepted as a pupil  and wonders why this privilege has not already been extended to him
 a man . 
 27 days ago - A man stabbed his relative to death and injured others in Noida following an argument on Saturday. 
 Work by Burns After the speeches, there may be singing of songs by Burns, Ae Fond Kiss, Red, Red Rose, A Man ''s a Man  etc; and more poetry  To a Mouse  To a Louse  Tam O'' Shanter  The Twa Dugs  Holy Willie''s Prayer
 As Mr. Young passed & met that truck he could see a man in the truck, and the man looked upset. 
 Surely, this isn''t a man as evil as Pa. 
 Turn on The Night Stalker and see a man jump off a five-story building, land on his feet, and destroy a couple of police cars before running away. 
 (Sorry sir I counted 2001) • In 1838, the city of Los Angeles passed an ordinance requiring that a man obtain a license before serenading a woman. 
 It shows you are a man of integrity. 
 I picked up the phone and a man asked me if this was Camille and I said YES and then there was nothing and I hung up. 
 a man 
 Ken Whitaker stood out as a man for all seasons – a reference to 
 hearing music and a man talking. 
 Brandi_S answered Thursday January 11 2007, 11:34 am: If a man ever said that to me, I would jack slap him for comparing me to a female dog in reference to the sex I just gave him. 
 It was a man made decision that they become celibate. 
" Grigg presents several horrifying instances of police brutality -- some are against children  one resulted in a man being beaten to death for a trivial offense; in essence
 We must first think how a man leaves his body in sleep. 
 exploring the mythological element of the triad and partly based on Kurt Vonnegut''s A Man Without a Country, was an altogether more sombre affair. 
 Jesus of Nazareth was a man 
 It was inscribed "Love to the dearest father in the world," and next to the bride, stood a man who answered perfectly to the description Professor Nash had given me. 
 Rather hard to make a man have a car whether he wants to or not. 
 About 45 minutes after Ferrin and Mageau were shot, Vallejo police received a call from a man claiming responsibility for the attack, correctly identifying the caliber of the weapon used. 
 it is reported that Freedia once had told I am not transgendered prefers a pronoun "SHE" but I am a man . 
 Since God is to be exalted, Jews consider it blasphemy to believe that He would take the form of a man (see Exod. 24:9-11). 
 This is a story which starts in the 1950s, features a company, a man and the American public. 
 Not so much kids, but a man and his wife. 
 he should still be banned in order to save our own cyclists the humiliation of losing to a man with one ball and no hips." 
 a Man The Yardbirds Duh Wah Diddy Diddy The Mighty Quinn Manfred Mann 
 ANd what is a man whore when direct towards a girl 
 in the face of the plainest evidence that his father was a man of business, and at one time a very prosperous one, married to a woman of some social pretensions. 
 a man whore. people even tolld me its funny that i think he likes me, but i cannot help it. 
 -- Steve Modica Manager - Networking Drivers Group "Give a man a fish, and he will eat for a day, hit him with a fish and he leaves you alone" - me 
 10 days ago - (Sourced) The district and sessions court in Greater Noida''s Surajpur on Tuesday sentenced a man , 28, to life imprisonment for raping and murdering a one-year-old girl in Badalpur on February 22 ... more 
 a man witnessing his own death through time travel. 
 More than a dozen identical letters, sent out to residents of Ousby, near Penrith, accuse a man living nearby of being a sex offender. 
 Whereabouts are you from? betnovate krem kullananlar "But again, it doesn''t really matter, because as a man , I think you just are built to work. 
 Another poet writes of a man squinting to read the word "optician." 
 The boss he says "We pay you as a lady, You only got the job because I can''t afford a man , With you I keep the profits high as may be, You''re just a cheaper pair of hands." 
 Here, being a man means not being a woman or gay  seeing relationships as fundamentally a contest for control
 Reports of apparitions of people running, people standing in the windows as you drive by, also reported is a man that walked in the tunnels and felt a hand on his back. 
 Jessica''s lines make her seem more ashamed that she has dressed up as a man than that she is betraying her father and her faith. 
 Cooking, cleaning, grocery shopping, and laundry: Tatsu is determined to succeed as a man of the house – if it doesn''t kill him first. 
 two teenagers complaining about how people are addicted to electronic devices  or a man trying to explain the concept of God to an inquisitive 6 year old. 
 A man shoots at New York State Police 28 times, in an incident caught by a dashboard camera in a trooper''s car. 
 A man in Camden County was arrested and charged with distribution of child pornography on Tuesday, 1/8. 
 Describe your ideal partner - Masculine and Charismatic.. very confident , sexy type of a man who yet has a great sense of humor and mystery ! :) enjoy the finer things in life and still wana afford what''s best! 
 When a man is cold, hungry and thirsty, he will be happy with a coat, a loaf of bread and a jug of water. 
 As music plays a man counts to 30, the number appears on the screen, reinforcing number recognition and sequencing skills. 
 As a MAN and a CITIZEN of this most awesome country.... 
 We went without tickets planning to buy them at the park, but a man saw me on line with my two year old son and handed me tickets (field level box seats!) and wouldn''t take any money. 
 Great athlete, but mostly, a man of character. 
 There was a man near me, also on his hands and knees, looking or feeling for something. 
 Lt. Col. George Bivens told reporters on Wednesday that officers saw a man thought to be Eric Frein on Tuesday but the distance and rugged terrain enabled him to disappear. 
 A man 
 At this they crossed themselves, and were silent for a little from very awe from having among them a man who had been so favored. 
 but the open letter to Ian Cawsey  I feel  warrants a reply  to put some of the comments made into context and to stand by a man who has made animal welfare a primary concern over the years... 
 a man to receive the highest form of salvation. 
 He was a man of sterling uprightness and integrity and was a useful member of the community in which he lived. 
 P899 Color Me Dead (69) aka: A la busca de mi asesino A man discovers he has been poisoned and in the short time he has left he seeks answers. 
 if a girl wants to play  for example  soccer  she will be "unfeminine" because she is willing to hit or fight like " a man ." 
 "The curse of the Lord is on the house of the wicked" and Proverbs 12:2 adds that the Lord will "condemn a man who devises evil." 
 A man dressed in red leather armor, with an elf and a kobold by his sides, called imperiously to them. 
 The chiefs of this army were William Marshall and William his son, Peter bishop of Winchester, a man well skilled in warfare  Ralph earl of Chester  William earl of Salisbury  William earl of Ferrars
 Death came to many a man in this way. 
 enjoying the kind of entertainment that''s Fit For A Man ! 
 Saweetie Admits She Doesn''t Have A Man But She Wants A Baby 
 A man arose to face this desecration. 
 Recently, a man with end-stage heart failure got recovered after artificial heart trasplantation. 
 NEWBERG -- A man 
 "How did you know he was a gang member?," Questioned the lowrider lawyers in the peoples trial that unfolded on screen to a man 
 I''ve been a man ; I know! 
 A man is only partly a man   he is also an animal; shreds and echoes of past lower existences linger in him
 The movie is about a man who has been altered by an overdose of gamma radiation causing him to transform into the nine feet tall
 A man named Gregory W. Nemitz claimed ownership of Asteroid 433 Eros, on which the spacecraft NEAR Shoemaker landed in 2001. 
 And there was another person on that task force– a man they call The Major–who made me realize the existing order is even worse." 
 There awaits a man ; skin of coffee, curly hair down to the upper back, and dressed in shorts and a T-shirt. 
 infertile woman marries a younger woman to obtain a child; the younger woman then has sex with a man from the older woman''s clan; that offspring is then regarded as the fruit of the marriage. – Source 
 I saw a man walking across a parking lot in Page yesterday. 
 A judge agreed Monday to supply more funds for a private investigator in the case of a man accused of murdering a Yankton woman last April. 
 The FBI has positively confirmed the identities of the two bodies found in the backyard of a man they believe may have something to do with their deaths and the disappearance of two children on Monday. 
 A city street, and a man stands on a bus, clutching a ticket in his sweaty hand. 
 State police are looking for a man in connection to a death investigation on Crume Road in the Vine Grove community of Hardin County. 
 Authorities arrested a man Wednesday after he was caught in South Carolina with the car of a missing priest from Jacksonville. 
 Police in Clark County are searching for a man who they say set fire to a man''s home after he was murdered. 
 We look over her shoulder as she learns to walk and talk as a woman after forty-plus years of walking and talking as a man . 
 sit down to lunch with its inmates  learn from them how confinement behind prison walls affects a man , learn of their opportunities for rehabilitation. 
 Like at the end of my second semester of my second year, I compulsively married a man , this man that I fell in love with, and it was a sense of that I had to have him, or I couldn''t bear to be rejected by this man. 
 Burroughs, indeed, was a man of his timea frustrated dreamer. 
 McCallion writes: "In 1970, a man in a rowboat, hovering in the air, appeared suddenly in the middle of my living room. 
 Behind him was two others dressed in the same sort of outfit she was wearing, one of them was a man about Hughes''s age, the other was younger, both were wearing white jackets. 
 Is he a man of good character? 
 It''s a German novella published in the 1800s, in which a man sells his soul to the devil for riches and happiness and whatnot. 
 In Khaled Hosseini''s The Kite Runner, main character Amir writes a short story about a man who discovered a cup. 
 You can disobey your commander and follow a woman who dresses up as a man , but you''ll always be nothing to her. 
 A man 
 When a Great officer went on a mission about private affairs, a man of his private establishment went with him as his spokesman, and called him by his name. 
 Surely this article was written by a man (or woman) more interested in the dice than the background, a so called roll-player. 
 She told me he was a man of few words. 
 Quartermaster and Adjutant-General John William O''Sullivan, a man neither respected nor liked by the Highland chiefs  sent a contingent of Camerons to the Tranent churchyard
 One night a woman came in with a man , and they stayed for the full evening, clapping and loving the jazz. 
 LAUREL, Md. (WUSA9) -- A man 
 and leave you a man down the rest of the time. 
 Here he found a man on horseback who was just setting out for the neighbouring village. 
 One about a man named Saint Boniface. 
 Still he ran, however, and presently came full butt against a man running in the opposite direction. 
 This grouping includes individual people, all with very distinct looks; a pair of wood sawyers, and a man on a wood wagon (with the mechanism underneath). 
 It''s what happens when a man with a junior high art education goes to the paint store unaided. 
 the ending of the life created when menstruation does not occur as a result of normal physical encounter between a man and a woman became the centerpiece of the discussion of women''s health issues. 
 達巷黨人曰:「大哉孔子!博學而無所成名。」子聞之,謂門弟子曰:「吾何執?執御乎?執射乎?吾執御矣。」 A man of the village of Da Xiang said, "Great indeed is the philosopher Kong! 
 A man who never played for his city, got selected for Indian Premier League. 
 DI Jon Spicer is investigating a man 
 Knowing Alice In Chains it''s probably about drugs, but singing about a man in a box seemed appropriate for lockdown times. 
 and Minstrel finished the programme off with his sequel to the same tune: A Man in a Room. 
 "Two years ago, I was travelling by train to Kalamboli, when a man fell out of the crowded train after Kurla and died on the tracks. 
 Indeed, if you don''t attack him, the battle automatically ends and a man is standing where the Goblin was (killing the Goblin causes Cecil to fail that part of the trial, of course.) 
 and the next number  the heavy-handed " A Man Without A Dream" is all bombast. 
 And he wasn''t just a man - he was a ghost. 
 Can make you shape-shift from a man into something other than a man ? 
 ERNIE STEFANIUK: How''s a man supposed to live when his fear becomes obsession? 
 I realized, Abu-Assad explains, that when a man systematically goes through such humiliation
 It was no easy thing to wear out a man who loved the outdoors, and who could hike all day with only minimal rest breaks! 
 While he waits, Mulder looks over his shoulder and notices a man at the bar watching him.) 
 The clock therefore is at 12:05 which is also equivalent to Revelation twelve, verse five: "And she brought forth a man child  who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and her child was caught up unto God [infinite ever-present good]
 Car bombs, assassinations on public streets, and other modern terrorist tactics were pioneered by a man widely regarded as a hero today. 
 If a man divorces himself of a group of two women and three men
 There''s a man down... gunshot wound. 
 A man 
 a man and a woman. 
 it would be useful to keep in mind a letter sent to Secretary of State Charles Evans Hughes in 1924 by Admiral Bristol  a man who was called "very pro-Turk" by Joseph Clark Grew, Washington''s first Ambassador to Ankara. 
 And it is also a joy when a man can make a woman feel like a creature of consummate grace, beauty, strength and skill. 
 In 1930 his wife has remarried to a man with children about same age as hers, and had another child. 
 A few off the top of my head: Vertigo, Dr. Zhivago, A Man For All Seasons  The Hustler  The Godfather Part II  Lawrence of Arabia  Barry Lyndon  Treasure of the Sierra Madre
 The ghost of a man having names cut into his hand is often noticed by Bear Swamp scraping out a hollow. 
 A man 
 The plan is to take it like a man , but can they? 
 It offers a vivid portrait of a man at odds with the world and with himself, whose ambition was tempered by his flawed humanity and egalitarianism. 
 Genre: Drama Premise: After a plane crash, a man who lost his wife and daughter in the accident hunts down the flight controller responsible. 
 After the termination, christine had a sex change and became a man , or ladyboy to be more politically correct so that nobody would ever suspect him of aborting a bastard child. 
 paired with the Italian phrases they conjure and their English translations  all demonstrated by a man and woman who have to be seen to be appreciated. 
 Mr. Mulder  but I wonder: who is in more need of an antipsychotic  a man who believes himself to be a were-lizard or a man who believes that man? 
 In another corner, a man held up a CO2 scrubber while three others cheered. 
 A man 
 At 12:33 JST, a man ran his truck into a crowd killing three and injuring two and then stabbed an additional 12 people
 A man of enterprise  energy and progressive nature  he had a long and successful business career in Schuylkill County
 Tony Blair -- a classic liberal and a man Harry Truman wouldback -- said it well. 
 Chosen by the Bride Finder, a man blessed with amazing insight  Madeline Breton has come to Cornwall to meet her new husband
 Evidently the man who knows-- there is always a man who knows--in this case had his own reasons for not coming forward. 
 He went out into the street like a man in a dream. 
 "Say, Mr. Dallas, suppose a girl–who is a good girl–if a girl should love a man– a man who is good and noble also–and be true to him–and that man should know of it–what ought he to do?" 
 From Newsday, A Man Hated and Hailed, by Steve Wick.( 
 It seems to set a bad precedent for a man of Hunt''s position in the New Commonwealth (i.e. God) to grease the bureaucratic wheels for a girl he''s banging. 
 A forlorn country girl ostracized by family and friends for getting pregnant and stabbing her boyfriend meets a man who promises to take her away from her small town. 
 "It''s a man ." 
 The air vent system is purposely designed to allow passage by a man... but as an endurance-course, to see how much pain a man can endure  through mounting physical challenges--which are also psychologically testing Bond
 In the dirty den there are commonly at work, a man and his wife and daughter, with a boy or girl hired by the year. 
 "Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife for any reason at all?" 
 If I read about a man tortured -- he is besotted with his secretary. 
 One of the contestants in "China''s Got Talent" is Liu Wei, a man whose arms were chopped off in a childhood accident. 
 It is a film about a wrestler, yes, but about a man who cannot let go of the past. 
 It turned out to contain an inflatable sex toy. • Before setting off to rob a bank, a man in the west African state of Mali put on charms that he believed would make him invisible. 
 But this is a man who''s alternately schmoozed and clawed his way to the executive heights in both government and business. 
 his was the one to get banned for making a man who killed others seem like a hero. 
 Lady Gaga singing  and vocalized cat meows  are played while the screen shows a still image of a man picking his nose–the film''s version of a blank screen. 
 The confidence a man wears highlights any fashion trends and makes it look super attractive. 
 He was a man driven by his strong faith and filled our lives with love and energy through his kindness, work ethic, and generosity. 
 "Little Green " isn''t about a man at all
 Mr. POTTLE was a man of worth and excellent standing, and hence was honored by the people of the county in advancement to positions of trust. 
 that a man is not  and cannot be justified in the sight of God by the deeds of the law; but that a man 
 Obey Me Phrase is specially design to tigger the obedience instinct in a man . 
 A man was arrested early Tuesday morning in Madison on a charge of seventh-offense operating while intoxicated
 ... N.Y. – New York State Police arrested a man during a Saturday traffic stop on Delevan Avenue in Delevan for driving while intoxicated. 
 a man 
 They also believe that a man can be a woman and a woman can be a man and that such a delusion should be encouraged, not discouraged. 
 He made the acquaintance of a certain monk, who lived in one of the monasteries in Constantinople, a man of holy life. 
 (KCC to a man who wants to sell his belongings and travel the world) KCC: The world will come to a man who is truly wise
 The other evening a man gave his testimony and told of a friend that had died in a tragic Army plane crash. 
 There is a man in the shower, who looks rather surprised at being interrupted. 
 Then she heard about a burgeoning housing project in an arid village called La Florida, where a man 
 Sure, I was technically a man before, but now my voice seems several octaves deeper. 
 Remorse has never been PJ Proby''s strong suit, and he''s not a man you''d choose to defend in a balloon debate. 
 It begins with extracts from Douglas Mawson''s 1911 diary of his travels in the Antarctic and ends in Argentina where a man 
 From the Times ''rules of being a man over 40'' last year, Rule 14 seemed apposite and definitely worth pondering: 
 The author of this project is an Observation Center employee named Cole – a man who has no idea that any of this is going on. 
 could cite Genesis as the reason why women should not be allowed to teach or to tell a man what to do: 
 Couldn''t agree more, however in my humble opinion there is a man 
 A man singing or male group You got me lifted  feelin'' so gifted  suga suga how''d you get so fly
 The amount of hate in the heart of a man gauges the failures of his faith leader as a counselor
 Can it simply be regarded as an anomaly, uncharacteristic of a man 
 from his own account he seems to have been a man 
 There''s an old story about a man being chased by a bear  he said that bear was right behind him no matter where he ran
 One of those high-altitude porters was a man named Karim Meherban. 
 Yea, the beast is a man (or human being)" [הזר שרד, נתן בר. הן, החיה אדם] skip: -30 
 It should have been charged as 10 counts of violating a restraining order. * A man holds up a knife to his girlfriend while he kicks her and threatens to kill her. 
 give up the world Can I sing this song one more time People is it alright if I sing this song one more time When a man 
 but when he realized he had shot a man , he helped pulled him from the water. 
 For the Vonnegut fan, then, A Man Without A Country is exactly what they have come to expect of the author: silly hand-drawn pictures
 Maybe he was a man whose acts of heroism were modestly represented by a hyphen. 
 He''s a man folded up within himself, who''s being forced into remembering old skills. 
 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was an inspirational leader, a courageous organizer and a man of God, but he was also a radical. 
 Atlanta Journal-Constitution, March 15: Listine Lewis was incorrectly referred to as a man in Monday''s Living section story about Slinky toys. 
 Bly replied: "In the Navy [1944-1945] I met the first person I''d known who actually wrote poetry, a man named Eisy Eisenstein. 
 They are: the Angus MacBean portrait, the Robert Burns portrait, and two portraits of a man and woman by John Collins. 
 Being a man 
 I''m going to be a man and honor Your ways as I make that happen. 
 It is the work of a man faithful to his earliest inspirations, and highly original in his literary representation of them. 
 He was indeed a man that no one can imagine of loosing him  a man with dignity  courageous
 a man she calls Grandfather. 
 It is an image of a man on one of the top floors leaning out. 
 "This is a man holding a camera who had to walk backward–and we got it without screwing up on take 1," said Charlie Day. – Source 
 A Man Called Smith is the heartwarming and heart wrenching historical family saga following the life of John Smith. 
 Jesus said the kingdom is like a man who found a priceless pearl (Matthew 13:45–46). 
 In 2012, a man intentionally jumped off of the monorail at the Bronx Zoo into the tiger exhibit, to be ''one with the tiger.'' 
 There is no relationship of subordination like that which links an object, a thing to a man who refuses to be considered as an object." 
 Idris Reynolds (C7) noted that ''''Ennill Tir'' is a beautiful tribute to a giant of a man who gave so much to the Eisteddfod and to the nation''
 Description / Review: A man ''s always dreaming up new ways to use his favorite power tool. 
 He kicks off his apocalyptic "party" with nearly killing a man by rearranging his face  turning Ford into a golden miniature statue
 this period fantasy flick from Hong Kong tells the well known (in its homeland) fable of a man who must do battle across Heaven, Hell and Earth in order to save the world. 
 Police on Monday identified a man killed when he was struck by a hit-and-run vehicle while trying to cross Halls Ferry Road in his motorized wheelchair. 
 The other side was a man who felt it his duty to protect his art against the forces conspiring against it. 
 Mason is murderously attacked with a baseball bat by a man he''s never seen before. 
 He knows from the oracle of his daily consultation, it is required in stewards that a man be found faithful. 
 ELSAN DISPOSAL: Adequate and low level, hang on to your screw caps as essentially it is a man hole cover. 
 However, this was not to last, as Acklam quickly took advantage of a man overlap, putting their right winger in on five minutes. 
 they reinforce this fact: women who make their own money don''t have to depend on a man   and they don''t have to settle. . . . The women of ''Sex and the City'' sleep with whomever they want
 Rope Of Sand stars Burt Lancaster as a hunting guide named Mike Davis who was hired by a man for a job which found them both trespassing on land owned by a diamond company that was rich with gems. 
 the only thing that he needed to see to tell him that one was a Man and the other a Elf, was the light in the Elven eyes. 
 I know )  it''s about "what''s in it for me" versus a presidential mandate to put a man on the moon. 
 Thus a rebellion against a King is no mere rebellion against a man   it is a rebellion against truth  beauty  sentiment  love  God
 He is not a man who understands what constitutes civilized life. 
 likely embittered by everybody referring so bluntly to his advanced years  summoned the descriptive powers of a man 
 When someone he admired died, Bernie was fond of quoting a line from Hamlet that all of us could now say of him: ''He was a man . 
 Are we really living in a world where major news networks have no qualms about publishing a video of a man BEING SET ON FIRE, but the BBC won''t let Jools Holland''s audience hear FKA Twigs say ''thighs''? 
 Does a man act selfishly when he seeks to marry the woman he loves? 
 Our driver was a man named Sam, who had grown up in an Amish household. 
 Reuben is Groovin'' He always does the penis dance He never gives the chicks a chance So go get a man like Jack Palance Reuben is a complex man Hard times just don''t phase him He always has bank on hand because... 
 when you are still not yet you  nor even a man , but the unknown, the animal, the monster, bursting into the house and violating the old order. 
 Demonstrates an admirable magnanimity for a leader dumbly characterized by an Armenian apologist as " a man whose crimes equaled those of Hitler and Stalin." 
 Hernandez repeated his request so that he could "walk like a man " to his execution. 
 For payment I have arranged that, if you go to the ''Tallow and Tinder'' shop and ask for a man named Tamerlind he will provide you with such items as you might find useful. 
 The ballads are real hard to take, but a couple songs like "Rockin the World" and "More Than A Man " are listenable. 
 Waiting for science to prove that the shroud of Turin is truly the burial cloth of a man born in the 1st centuary is a waist of time. 
 Now, there is a man who embraced the supervillain he is reportedly going to play in the new Justice League movie. 
 Marcello Mastroianni plays the lead character, Mario, a man of lowly status who covets a woman named Natalia (Maria Schell). 
 A vacationing flapper-cum-vamp (Margaret Livingstone) has seduced a man 
 6 There was a man (I)sent from God  whose name was (J)John. 7 He came as a (K)witness  to bear witness about the light
 "There''s never been a better time to be a man ," says actor Mark (Jared Sanford) halfway through this tribute to Seventies sexploitation. 
 Kurt was equally a man of vision and action. 
 a man from Village  His name was Waris bin Umaro bin Harisa  He came to Prophet (s) and said
 and Unificationists believe that Christ returns  as Elijah did  as a man born among men and women. 
 In one place a man was trying to push his car to safety. 
 Whereas the word credit merely says that God attributes righteousness to a man without works, the word imputation says that it is GOD''S RIGHTEOUSNESS that is attributed to a man by faith. 
 You too, Stabler...you big dumb hunk of a man . 
 We have a man (Al Gore)who is leading by 200,000 Popular Votes Nationwide who may lose over a grand in one state. 
 The body in front of me is a man . 
 rendered infamous in ecclesiastical history  as the most bitter persecutor the Christians ever had; a man of obscure birth, yet of most distinguished abilities, and virtually the founder of a new empire. 
 Arrived at work to find a man up a ladder there replacing ceiling panels. 
 Producers: Mickey Liddell  Pete Shilaimon  Sean Ellis) – In the late 1800s  a man arrives in a remote country village to investigate an attack by a wild animal but discovers a much deeper
 THU 18 NOV at 6:30pm | MON 29 NOV at 6:20pm August 32nd on Earth Despite the fact he has a girlfriend, a man agrees to give his best friend a child. 
 Maybe she''ll even find herself a man 
 Colm Meaney plays Father Frances in the film, he was a man of considerable influence on Tolkien''s life and was his legal guardian after the death of his parents. 
 Dark Night on Striker Creek; Standards; In Search of Destiny; The Measure of a Man ; Protection  Provision
 If a man wants to be happy in marriage, not depending on the nationality, what qualities he better forget of? 
 the kind of magic shield that can give a man just the advantage he needs when it comes time to battle a giant spider god... 
 Poetry Teaching a Man to Unstick His Tail BY RALPH HAMILTON 
 They belonged to a man younger than me in age, yet they spoke of a wisdom I had never attained. 
 A determined killer proves a man of his word when an amateur thief reneges on his end of a deal. 
 this party nominated to the presidency a man 
 A man in his 30''s has sustained serious leg injuries after a multi-vehicle collision in Chatteris. - Credit: Archant 
 A woman who was born a man should be able to change her gender at the Census Office. 
 Poet, novelist, journalist and international commentator; Joanna Richardson portrays Théophile Gautier, a man who typifies the restless energy of the social period in which he lived. 
 "I harbored Frederick Douglass when a slave; also a man by the name of Logan (sic: Loguen) who became a bishop in the Methodist Church." 
 pastors  or perhaps even teach in authority over a man 
 His boss (Maksim Sukhanov) is an overbearing thug of a man who demands work comes first and when he falls foul of a client  the Yogurt Queen (Galina Tuyunina)
 is determined to notch up a black girl  a virgin  his favourite teacher (Genevieve Bujold) and maybe a man before the orgasmic finale. 
 "I looked around at all the people gathered, and I saw different expressions: two women were hiding their heads; a man and a woman were looking the other way, like they hadn''t seen it; one woman was indignant and angry. 
 For example, in one film you have Timothy Dalton''s Bond burning a man alive (around the 9:00 mark). 
 show u off to the world and want make u happy forever! im not skinny woman and i have a man 
 especially cruelty  is what was the most defining personality of Stalin  which in Russian can be interpreted as a man of iron. 
 A Man 
 Allah -- the people of Makkah knew him as a man of impeccable courtesy and integrity. 
 And then after that, you have to explain why a man looks like a rock-person from Mars. 
 a man – any man, Mike included. 
 A man goes out of his way to kill a helpless bum, but gets what''s coming to him sooner than he thought. 
 DCI Steen is assigned a puzzling case – the tortured body of a man found in a cemetery in Copenhagen but left there during a riot – a riot that had the area swarming in police. 
 That sense of a man uncomfortable in his own skin comes across strongly  adding to the creepiness of the character from the outset
 Disturbing in every sense, Audtion is about a man , who creates a false acting role in order to solicit a relationship from one of the hopefuls. 
 breathing....anyway  don''t you just hate when the man in charge is always a man in charge. 
 Of course he went a different road at first for a long time but as I know he went on to do many great things with himself as a man , teacher and leader. 
 a man who has no bucks. 
 Napoleon said, a man needs 5 hours of sleep a day, a woman 6 and a fool 7. 
 after which she is raped by a man in red who by doing so consummates her marriage to Satan. 
 Bring me the head of Yukio Mishima I want to see, I said bring me the head of Yukio Mishima I want to see I want to see a man of steel one last time 
 It is only out of duty that a man emerges from the ranks to proclaim: Follow me to victory! 
 Price tells his wife in about 10 different ways how much he loves her and she responds about how wonderful a man he is and how perfect their marriage his. 
 But there was a man in the driver seat and I got out of a car with a man in the drivers seat. 
 Just last week a Danish girl pulled a pepper spray on a man who pulled her to the ground and tried to undress her. 
 Andrew told his tribe the story about how he met his wife and won everyone over and got people to see how sensitive of a man he is. 
 A man who will long be remembered for his amazing sense of humour  he had a ready fund of jokes  and on meeting him
 From there, Hari introduced Jerome to Blake, a man that literally had everything and as such was sort of a living experiment. 
" said to be a man with no face who kills women at night by ripping out their throats with steel claws. 
 has notified the FBI that at least 12 of its health centers were visited recently by a man purporting to be a sex trafficker but who may instead be part of an attempted ruse to entrap clinic employees. 
 Where a man and his puke fall at the same constant rate. 
 And he almost got into a fight with a man earlier this year after Busta tried to hit on the man''s wife. 
 Left footed wingers playing on the right, neither have the pace or trickery to beat a man on the inside, nor do they possess a right foot to put a cross in if they reach the by line. 
 Jacob Holbrook is a cruel, demanding man; a narcissist, who thinks the world revolves around him; a man 
 When you''re made to go ''shopping with ma, Packed with parcels, though you''re a man , You look more like a Pickford''s van. 
 When you shriek "racism" at Everyone who disagrees with you, when you say that a man who adopts a black daughter is racist because he has the nerve to run against Spence''s Messiah  then at some point
 Since when can a man not hug a crying woman?) 
 stamped each three times  signed them  and I was off... ...to the office of Aduana (Customs)  where I stood watching as a man behind the counter stamped a collection of forms nine times on each page and signed each stamp. 
 For you I''m awake-Godsmack What shall a man have if he gain the entire world but lose his own soul?-Book of Mark I will fear no evil. 
 Island by Friðgeir Einarsson is about a man returning home to Reykjavik for the first time in years for the funeral of his mother. 
 I go out the back door and sneak around front and I see a man who is on the ground, covered in blood, and shouting (albeit quietly) for help. 
 Well, I''m really joking, but when you''ll watch the amazing video of a man practicing yoga with his Chihuahua, you''ll know why I wrote this. 
 writhing and sobbing lump of a man . 
 ( Measure Of A Man is one of my all-time favorite TNG episodes ) I guess you see what you want to see. 
 Plus, how can you be all about keeping the government out of your personal and professional life...as long as you''re a man ? 
 The film revolves around a man named Paul Rotter, a former air force pilot who served in the Vietnam War. 
 DALLAS - A man 
 PORTLAND -- Police say a man shot and killed his wife before committing suicide inside a SW Portland apartment unit Thursday morning. 
 The scene on the right depicts a man being carried by two angels. 
 Lando is a known business mogule, gambler, and a man comfortable on both sides of the law. 
 thinking that while Vietnam was a stinking hellhole  there was opportunity: drugs were ridiculously cheap  so for a man without a moral compass or even a rational strategy for living, his scheme might have seemed like a kind of salvation. 
 We can start with a man named John Chapman. 
 We saw so much from the back of that bike: Donkeys, horses, and a man taking siesta under a tree...women cooking in an outdoor kitchen  butterflies
 The 6''6," 280 lbs. mammoth of a man arrived in the U.S. in 2013 when he was 19 years old to ... 
 and partly because of the charismatic figure he cuts - a rebel  an icon  a man who left the world of riches for the ascetic life of a warrior (so where did he get that Rolex from, then?). 
 and up to his death in 1907  a man with my name became famous for, among other things, coining the world "ragtime." 
 and for about three hours it undid all the relaxing that the break away did  but then I sat back and remembered a man I''d bumped into at the pool. 
 Police searched through a suburb of Cleveland to find more bodies after finding three of them and accusing a man of doing the heinous deeds that led to this outcome. 
 A man 
 "I can''t understand why she walked like a woman but talked like a man ... my Lola..." 
 They conducted several days of investigation and determined that a man 
 Now here is a curious thing: how can a man who was once appointed poet laureate of all England  succeeding no less than Alfred  Lord Tennyson by the way
 It starred David Duchovny as a man striving to come to terms with his fiancée''s death by investigating other women''s sexual fantasies (?!). 
 A man 
 They quote Mark Jorgensen, the park''s superintendent and a man whom I remember as being a stout person. 
 (Most people probably don''t realize that Roget also invented an improved slide rule and the pocket chessboard; he was a man of many talents.) Battling depression for most of his life  Roget found comfort in creating lists
 I hear not; and I am as a dumb man that openeth not his mouth. 15 Yea  I am become as a man that heareth not  and in whose mouth are no arguments. 16 For in Thee  O LORD  do I hope; Thou wilt answer
 We do not have to go into the whole gay culture or what a man and a man do together in bed, any more then we would explain the whole bar scene or what a man and a woman do together in bed. 
 Here''s this girl on the brink of adulthood who resents her little brother (childhood) and is tempted by a man to enter his world of the dark and unknown. 
 Police arrested a man 
 Yes -- there is a man running for Congress  as an incumbent  who believes that I (as a male supporter of same-sex marriage
 A man checked me in and found me a patch of grass. 
 Conservatives can''t resist using the death of a man they claim to admire as a pretext to overstep the bounds of civility. 
 a man 
 to screech with tenderness  and to embody perfectly the idealization and affected glory of a man fighting not with society  not with God  not with the government
 a man causes a field or vineyard to be eaten, etc." 
 Footage shows a man with dark colouring on his face being called "racist" by protesters as police work to separate him from demonstrators. 
 And when a man puts on tefilin
 Mailer''s a man whose got it bad and in this case, that''s good. 
 There is however a scholarly text from Surinam by a man with a german name which indicates a strong case for their arrival. 
 Game Creator How A Man 
 Later on, when the sea had grown calm again, the shepherd saw a man on the beach praising the sea for her tranquillity. 
 In New York City, there lived a man named Cecil Taylor  a black musician  not yet thirty years old  a technically innovative pianist
 [37] The Rift A man who sees  following a brain-operation
 A man tells his wife that he saved Rs 10 by running behind a bus instead of boarding it. 
 For Mr Sharif, his third stint as Prime Minister is a personal triumph because a man who was displaced in an Army coup, first imprisoned and then exiled for years in Saudi Arabia, is back in power. 
 A man spending half of his salary for house hold expenses  1/4th for rent  1/5th for travel expenses
 Joginder Singh (80), a resident of Jamalpur, said a man entered his house on the pretest of asking an address. 
 a sexy Homeland Security officer  and his father William''s aged  fanatic former colleague  a man whose mission is no longer beating the Commies but battling radical Islam
 a man to divorce his wife is if she has sexual relations with another man [L ...except in the case of sexual immorality]. 
 and of a man named Millano, who Pollitt maintains was wrongfully accused and convicted of rape. 
 Don''t expect it to be some heart-felt journey with deeper meaning and profound understanding of a man who''s formed a crucial part of our lives; what you can see is how he created apple and how good of a sales man he was. 
 His latest broadcast quickly takes an unexpected turn when a man (Jack O''Connell) bursts into the studio brandishing a gun and forces Lee to put on an explosive vest. 
 a fetching young woman who works for public defender Stephen Whitney (Barton MacLane)  a man who not only had a hand in Eddie''s release but also harbors an obvious love for Joan. 
 Deacon''s brother  offers the most consistent and believable performance – as a man 
 The Original Manuscript Said to be in the Hands of a Man who Heard the Message from Heaven -- Whitmer''s Strange Story. 
 we would most freely have confessed him guilty of the first part of the charge  for what honest man  to say nothing of a man of God  would have associated with so desperate a set of men  the whole question then for consideration is
 Give a man a fish- he eats for a day Teach a man to fish- he eats for a lifetime 
 as expressed by one of their preachers  that "Johnson had not sent here a furious  sectarian Governor  a man who would try to eat them up, but had sent Governor Durkee, a mild-mannered man, who did not interfere with the people." 
 He was a man of good education  and had considerable display; and  being the elder of the family
 and there  when all were asleep  in the silent watches of the night  they broke in the door  and forced a man by the name of George Bebee from his bed  and with whips and hickory clubs beat him inhumanely
 How dare this "doctor" compare Spike with a man who deserved the gruesome death the Hellmouth wrought on him? 
 The methods of this association in attacking the character of a man persistently, is reprehensible from any standpoint in which it is viewed. 
 He was a man of large stature, very temperate, and of exceedingly kind disposition. 
 Such a man might think he is abandoned by his creator and is alone on earth. 
 he found the State capital bristling with class feeling  distasteful to a man of "republican simplicity." 
 Man duped of Rs 6.5 lakh: The Tanda police has booked five persons for allegedly duping a man of Rs 6.5 lakh on the pretext of sending his son to Canada. 
 Ludhiana Man killed in accident: A man was crushed to death by an overspeeding vehicle near Maharaja Palace on Ferozepur Road on Monday night. 
 The sardine packed Guru Nanak stadium stood up as a man 
 A man in Rajasthan performs aerobics for 17 hours non-stop. 
 If you''re a black man in prison it''s far more because you''re a man than because your black. 
 Some battles a man has to take on himself, without an audience. 
 Popular campaigns over the years such as Always'' "Like a Girl" ad, the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge and Gillette''s "Be a Man " ad tackle serious issues and social stigmas. 
 You''ll have to fight me for it, like a man . 
 Joe finds himself in the public gallery of a court-room witnessing a man being ritually condemned. 
 "Brothelled brawlers" who refuse to submit to the bailiffs'' judgement for their crimes viz. a fine of 6d. for a man and 4d. for a woman shall bear the mortar  according to old custom of the town
 And you''re thinking, how far can a man go out without being obliterated? 
 exemplified in the film''s construction by a man behind the lens, capturing and shooting the woman as commodity. 
 It had a beat a man could walk to, at least. 
 His disciples asked him: Can a man know the hour of his death? 
 But the noblest memorial of such a man is his life. 
 A man and a woman, both in their late thirties, sat with her. 
 please don''t get angry when the Immigration Officer pull your moustache to find out if really you are a man or woman  or fondle with your private parts  strip you down to find out if you are really ''pregnant''
 Actually I''ve got a problem with us asserting: Traditionally, marriages in most societies have involved a man and a woman - and - Christian monogamy owes more to the pagan traditions of Rome. 
 Or if a man comes and preaches a "new and fresh" insight from "the Word of God" but does so by the power of a demonic spirit
 The steps sound just like those of a man walking on a hard wooden floor. 
 AM The portraits in which you replace a man and a woman''s hair with moss are particularly interesting. 
 Where I''m from, they let a man fight. 
 If a man has ruled with military jackboots where loyalty is extracted or rail-roaded
 Such a man as Brother Huckins are rare. 
 He entered with them, and they stayed not till they came in presence of a man of the most dignified and majestic aspect  seated at the upper end of a saloon and surrounded by pages and servants
 We, however, are children of the mist, and must not mind a little whimpering of the clouds any more than a man must mind the weeping of an hysterical wife. 
 As he got up, a man grabbed the boy by his jacket and spoke to him. 
 I think a man ought to get drunk at least twice a year just on principle, so he won''t let himself get snotty about it. 
 I love to please a man , to realize the most cherished fantasies. https://www.meghamalik.com 
 She then meets a man a lot younger than herself, with whom she will live some invaluable moments. 
 He''s not just a man with a telepathy-blocking helmet, he''s the pinnacle of mutant idealism: he''s Magneto. 
 a man made conversation as he walked past her. 
 Rather than avoid the feeling out process and eschewing dating, I think a man is better served by dating MORE  building a frame of reference
 After waiting a bit, a man said he would drive us, anyhow, as far as ''The Angel,'' at Islington, and we could easily get another cab from there. 
 For a list of base hospitals see: http://www.1914-1918.net/hospitals.htm Once in hospital a man would be in a bed gown until he was able to move around. 
 When a man 
 Instead, he felt the beginnings of sympathy for a man whose life had gone so horribly wrong, and cost him everything. 
 "You treat me...least ways, you make me feel like a man ." 
 He sucked it up like a man , hitched the grill to the back of his truck and pawned it at the 24 hour pawn shop down the street. 
 My question is What was the punishment given for desertion in peacetime was it serious enough to make a man change his name on naval docs and die under a fales name!, was name changing common for deserters. 
 Charley said in his letter that he was going to see a man to make a bargain with him to go as a substitute. 
 Without ignoring his father''s faults, Abad renders a lucid memory of a man who fiercely loved his family, his community, and his freedoms. 
 a man replica is only symbolic to enable the primitive people it was meant for to relate to the creator. 
 World War II Poster, "Free a Man to Fight," 1943. 
 She speaks of her love of flowers and of a man who understands women. 
 Or things could change; a man could become a man . 
 a woman must possess the qualities of leadership  the same level of competence  commitment and courage as a man , maybe even more than a man. 
 A MAN AND WOMAN FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS. 
 A man   Alberto  dances  to Dana International the Israeli transexual who won the Eurovision song contest
 They were accosted by a man ... ...who demanded of them a song... ...or he would devour their hearts. 
 One technique – known as coitus interruptus – requires a man to withdraw his penis completely from the vagina before ejaculation. 
 A man is dying." 
 It is not what a man does that saves him; it is not what a man promises to do that saves him; it is not what a man quits doing that saves him; it is what a man has that makes him a Christian. 
 By the swan pond a man sits on the bench masturbating, defiantly. 
 Some symbol of our progress ( a big building, or boat, or a man flying through the stars ) ends up in trouble. 
 a man comes to a woman''s defense in a heckling situation." 
 We took him over to the vet and 2 people a man and wife emerged having just euthanized their pet. 
 My Nixon: no sense of the irony everyone else challenged in his parent''s choice of name having gone on a man so honest. 
 It became clear very quickly as we spoke with him that he was a man 
 How like a man not to guess that a queen would be getting ready in fine feather for her visit to the executives of another nation! 
 They''re protecting a man who is probably guilty." 
 This book is essentially a story of a man 
 From what''s been said, they took the word of a man who has a history of concussion and also a history of not knowing he''s been knocked out! 
 The next instant a fantastic figure followed her– a man from whose waist hung a goatskin  and whose features were entirely hidden by a sort of mask made from a huge wolf''s head
 The other argument was " The price charged to men is not so burdensome that it amounts to denying them entry" So a man making minimum wage is on par with a woman making $200,000 per year? 
 a man on the moon." 
 Chorus: Two lovely black eyes Oh what a surprise Only for telling a man he was wrong Two lovely black eyes. 
 A good review by a man whose ethos and influence I don''t like of a good book whose ethos and influence I don''t like. 
 The administrative head of this body was SS Colonel Wolfram Sievers, a man who felt it meet always to write the initial and final S''s of his name in runic style, thus making the SS emblem. 
 "Oh, I''m very much a man , pet. 
 WASHINGTON (AP) -- The widow of a man 
 Yet, what''s telling about Schiller''s comments is their lack of factual basis, an even greater sin from a man whose business, and erstwhile employer, is the reporting of facts. 
 Protect the geek, that''s the job she''s been hired for, but little did this shewolf expect to fall for a man of science. 
 Why I Read this Book: Who doesn''t love reading a book where the hero is a man in uniform? 
 Edwin Morgan was a man who cared deeply about the future. 
 Jonathan Van Ness came out as non-binary in an interview with Out magazine  revealing that some days he feels like a man , and other days he feels like a woman. 
 He says "A man made them, so a man must be able to fix them." 
 a man who tried to steal away a woman was murdered by the husband  who then  as the murderer
 after the god Ammon (that was depicted as a man with ram''s horns). 
 It is one of the least dubitable characteristics of human nature that a man will normally come to hate those who have done him favours, especially pecuniary favours. 
 On 28 July 2001, a man 
 She married a man she found lifting weights and he groaned in the bedroom the same way that he groaned in the gym. 
 Of all of your films, is A Man and a Woman the one that Japanese movie enthusiasts know the best? 
 A man called Suds, our chief instructor for the day, hammers the point home in his 9am briefing. 
 Macbeth, you see, is now the Macbeth of Shakespeare, a bloodthirsty villain, a man of whom Scotland should be ashamed. 
 SmackDown Live will now sound different and fresh, yet WWE will be running no risk as it''s a man they already have a lot of faith in. 
 a man from the people of Syria said: we have never ever seen such prisoners with so pretty faces. 
 the vatican''s age of consent is 12!!! the pope has covered up child abuse for many years! putting an image of a man 
 Kinetic energy, example: a man on top of a mountain, holding a boulder, the boulder has ''potential ''energy''. 
 A man 
 Funny thing, though, HE DOES NOT ACT LIKE A MAN WHO HAS SOMETHING ALREADY UNDER LOCK AND KEY--DOES HE? 
 Therefore, when his internal organ, his understanding, is destroyed, a man is ruined, i.e. he becomes unfit for the human Goal. 
 You''ve committed to living a life under the rule of a man who expects you to submit and obey the rules according to the doctrine of the message. 
 2020 Gunmen abduct couple  pregnant woman in Edo  demand N20m ransom Benin City Gunmen yesterday kidnapped a man , Paul Aluola, and his wife in Ewatto, Esan South East Local Government Area of Edo State. 
 Enthusiasm for ability is the primary fixing connected to a man accomplishment in any calling so adhering to something you like is critical. 
 As a picky eater married to a man who would cheerfully eat dirt as long as he could put hot sauce on it, I can''t wait to read this! 
 He does a terrific job playing Allan Karlsson as a man both half and double his age. 
 I love that religion that a man can feel and know for himself  that can support us under trials
 In a previous chapter the late Ming figure painter Chen Hongshou was offered as an example of a man 
 15 May 2017 A man has been charged following reports that a vehicle failed to stop for officers in Poole. 
 Looking at Jake "The Snake" Roberts today, we see a man who should be thankful for the very fact that he''s still alive, after years of drug addiction and alcohol abuse. 
 One such book that I acquired was a biography entitled, "There is a River," written by a man named Thomas Sugrue. 
 But most importantly, a man with a very sharp business mind. 
 For a man who works as an insurance agent for Nile Insurance and earns a monthly income of 20 000 Br
 Paying what a man owes is the base level of a man. 
 He is a man of science. 
 A man in Meghalaya''s West Garo Hills district  who recently killed
 also described this disparity  noting that men and women alike wanted to work with a man who negotiated for his salary, but were less positively inclined towards a woman who did the same2. 
 And men, let''s face it, whether they are into playing the field or not, there is a whole new respect for a man that has more than 12 women on the go who all profess to his out of control sexual appetite. 
 "Now what would make a man brave a blizzard and kill in cold blood? 
 Or, what shall a man give in exchange for his soul? 
 I''m a man and I have to say close but no cigar. 
 Here is a man who really was able to submit to G-d''s will and do his job wilth very little fanfare or recompense. 
 I personally know a man 
 I''m neither fat nor a man . 
 It is the union of a man and a woman so that they become as one. 
 A man 
 20 September 2021 The family of a man who died in a fatal road traffic collision in Weymouth have paid tribute to their loved one. 
 Except this was no theoretical physicist nor amateur musician but a man who has been called one of the truly great pianists of this century
 I soon met the church treasurer, a man named John M. Mitchell ,who told me he had read with interest some of the articles in this series. 
 Muslim law allowed a man to divorce his wife at any time
 Paintings discussed included Bacchus and Ariadne and the great early portraits, including the Portrait of a Man with a Blue Sleeve, recently identified as Gerolamo Barberigo, and Portrait of a Lady ''La Schiavona''. 
 Anne Green, Koch''s wife, described herself as a "socialist" and raved that a man as rich a Davies could see so much that was good in a socialist country. 
 A man who wants to throw the extensive and tireless feminist work of women under the bus to prove that he is better at feminism
 A man who spreads poison, the man who spreads horrors in our society wants to mark August 14 as this. 
 A man graced my massage table a few days ago, that gave me (us) insight and understanding I never even considered before. 
 The deaths of a man in his 60s from Ward County and a man in his 70s from Williams County raised the death toll for North Dakota to 1
 Rightfully so because America liberated Europe from tyranny and communism, and landed a man on the moon, all while extending the promise of our Founding to all Americans. 
 A Fayette County official is asking people to support him and his family by keeping a man convicted of murder in prison. 
 3] Even worse, VAWA forces domestic abuse shelters to house men among domestically abused women whenever a man claims he is a woman![ 
 Authorities said a man used a baby seat in his car to lure girls and women. 
 Ministry 164.-----Does Divorce Disqualify a Man for the Pastorate? 
 A man is going to an Antique Car auction. 
 The FBI says it''s reviewing the arrest of a man who was kicked by a St. Paul police officer while the suspect was lying on a sidewalk. 
 ''He''s not a man of God!'' 
 Gilbert : Lasha is the kind of girl a man can take home to meet his mother! 
 She killed a man and took pictures of his body. 
 This is a man with no scruples whatsoever. 
 Opposite me on the train sits a man woking on his Lenevo lap top. 
 About to hear from colleges, a man with his own life and his own secrets, his own mind. 
 I recently saw a photo of a man in Mexico with one of my images tattooed onto his arm. 
 While Levitra will help a man to achieve an erection, you''ll also be able to perform better in the bedroom. 
 Now surely no one would think of employing a man wanting in any one of these qualifications to carry his own goods across the plains at that time. 
 It is quite different where a man takes property by purchase or otherwise, which is subject to that direction or disposition when he receives it. 
 The objection that the fourth section is void on the ground that it deprives a man of the right to work at all times is equally without force. 
 "The defendant was Howard R. (Tobey) Marshall, once identified before a committee of the Oklahoma Legislature as a man 
 In this case, the only knowledge shown by the witness was the familiarity of a man with his barber. 
 A man stamped on another man''s head & left him in a wheelchair for life - 7 yrs 
 An example of karma would be a man who refuses to give to the poor for selfish needs and then becomes bankrupt. 
 Ecc 2:21 When there is a man whose labor is with wisdom  and with knowledge
 Reporters asked, "Why would you give your life to a man like Manson?" 
 who considers his legacy as a man   both in the boardroom and the bedroom; and Annette  the mother of the bride herself
 They would rather put a man whose middle name is corruption, nick-named settler, and who is connected to corruption personified. 
 Niccolo Machiavelli believes a man can forgive you for killing his father but not when you rob him of his land. 
 Obasanjo is a man that didn''t see the four walls of a University but he is an author  having written books
 no documentation was submitted and none found to suggest that the etymology provided  "House of a man named Uglu" was accurate. 
 LAUDERHILL, Fla. Inside, a man in a suit argued for the merits of a paper clip over staples. 
 and she starts to cry • Jim offers to give Paul a loan • Angela the babysitter tells Joan that a man came and took the kids 
 A car pulls up and a man gets out, enters the shop and calmly shoots the counter clerk. 
 A man passes through an old Druidic trilithon of evil repute among the peasants of the district where it is located
 At birth, your life expectancy would have been age 70 if you''re a man and 76 if you''re a woman. 
 The body spiritual is the church; its head is God-Man; and from this it is plain how the church thus viewed as a man would appear if instead of one God, the Creator and Sustainer of the universe, several were thought of. 
 Everytime a man eats the food, he put the dish on the table. 
 a step too far in the realms of exploitation for a man who had relatives in the Nazi concentration camps. 
 A man like you - living like a scavenger. 
 a man selling a female dependant to another man in return for an alliance or material goods. 
 But that the doctrine does not separate the men of the church if the life conjoins them, is evident from the fact that a man who is in goodness of life does not condemn another who is of a different opinion
 And their torment was as the torment of a scorpion when it striketh a man .- That this signifies darkening  and hindering from seeing truth
 Five women and a man 
 But what man at the first look, or as it is said, at the first glance of the eye, cannot see that a man is such as his life is? 
 The team also unearthed the resting places of a man and a woman cremated in two rectangular shafts cutting through the middle of the mound. 
 What''s a man to do when a gorgeous woman like Wendy Lake proposition him? 
 Moreover, it is a regular picture when a man has several wives in several cities. 
 A man is able to choose his own afterlife after his untimely death
 A man is helping me design them now. 
 In Dear Esther, the player is a man whose wife recently died who walks around a Hebridean island reflecting on the past  with flashbacks
 One day, a man appeared to him on a flaming pie and declared, "You are Irony with an I" and that was that, or so it seemed. 
 And al these toyes do only proceed from the mistaking Non causam pro causa, as I have already sayd, and so if a man chance to recover one of any disease, after he hath taken Tobacco, that must have the thankes of all. 
 Slarek (of all folks) was there at my introduction to the work of a man whose mind''s passions would oddly parallel my own. 
 such that it is in Belarus  has been traduced for 26 years by a man who resembles a superannuated gulag guard. 
 An ironic cheer went up when it was found to fit exactly into the slot prepared, and a man with an adze stepped ostentatiously back. 
 Charles Dance fresh off the loo, shot through with arrows, is Turing''s commanding officer and a man bested in rank only by the single figure above him in the hierarchy, Winston Churchill himself. 
 In ur situation you are lucky... i have heard of a new trend in Q8, a woman would enter an elevator ALONE and refuse you, a man , entry... you know khalwa shar3iya and all of that. 
 According to Rebbi Yochanan -- who says that the date is written in a Get in order to prevent a man 
 But it remains the case that a man who divorced his wife while carefully following the Mosaic regulations could have ended up in moral error. 
 Alex Graves, a man best known for directing episodes of The West Wing and Boston Public will replace him. 
 By coincidence, she meets up with Jack (Stephen Bauer), a man she fell for when their love blossomed as Jack''s wife dies in hospital - for my money the scariest scene in the movie. 
 That it took him this long to comment on the President''s prognosis, describes a man who, not only is isolated, but is inexperienced. 
 What makes a man of Sagay''s quality to sink so low? 
 he should be a man once and take the decision to call it a quit. 
 a student who had started the program with a good dose of skepticism  chose a Picasso–a bleak  abstract painting of a man standing at a window playing the violin. 
 Her idea of a man is one who''s tall, manly, and has curly hair. 
 the strong emotional roots of homosexuality is difficult to overcome  but there are many (including a man 
 As Jesus said, "For what shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" 
 a bronze of a man sitting cross-legged, tapping with a hammer on some piece of work on a board across his lap. 
 that if  upon any occasion whatsoever  a man feels pleasure or pain, it is either referable at once to some one or other of these kinds, or resolvable into such as are. 
 The Tana Kama says that unlike the death penalty in the case of a "Mesis" ( a man or woman who leads a fellow Jew astray by trying to influence him or her to commit idolatry
 7) [line 32] SAVLONOS - the gifts that a man 
 things can change fast that could change the direction of things repentance  intercession  intervention of a man of God with higher command in the Spirit. 
 QUESTION: Rav Ashi implies that we are able to learn which female relatives a man is forbidden to marry from the corresponding relatives of his wife whom he is forbidden to marry. 
 Runyon met Whittlesey and Runyon when they emerged from the pocket–safe  thanks in part to a man they had never met named Alvin C. York. 
 On the other hand, it is urged, with some reason, that to retain genuine kindly feeling towards a man   while we are gratifying strong impulse of aversion to his acts by inflicting pain on him
 When the call eventually comes, Claude goes to work, and again is shown to be unusual for a man in his profession in his dislike of guns and his refusal to use them. 
 It is an entirely random gossip and picture book in which the reader is directly addressed by a man who cannot distinguish Ford''s Capri from its Cortina
 inquired Washington of a man chipping wood at his door, and the surly reply came back, "I don''t know." 
 In this tradition Jesus was that part of God who became a man , briefly, before returning to re-join the Trinity. 
 Remembering Ken Garland: " A man you quickly run out of words to describe" 
 loss or losses (viz. of pleasure)  in such sort associated with it  as that  in case of his experiencing the pleasure  a man will experience them, otherwise not: 6. 
 A sweet romance is a story about a man and a woman''s relationship where there is no unmarried sex and certainly no sex "onstage." 
 She stated that she "saw a man lying on the steps [of the bunkhouse]" with two men "standing over the top of him." 
 new haircut and gym membership  all the while encouraging to recapture what made him a man in the first place. 
 nearly blown up by a bomb she''d left behind for her pursuers– a man had gotten his head chopped off by flying debris six feet away
 for example  has been convicted of felonies but owns many television stations)  but when a man in the Midwest was recently convicted of a felony the FCC moved to strip him of his TV station. 
 a man to be reckoned with. 
 Then she managed to do away with a man I cared for. 
 He definitely holds that a man may reject the miraculous birth and yet solemnly recite in church the Apostles'' Creed and the Nicene Creed
 a man can fall without God''s law. 
 Rebecca is a middle-aged woman stuck in a loveless, passionless marriage with a man who usually neglects her. 
 a man bound himself in a bond to his villein for a sum of money  granted him an annuity by deed  or gave him an estate in fee
 A man fulfills a promise to a friend, and forces another man to see the error of his ways. 
 Of course, to claim that a man who the banks have invested so heavily in  only to be repaid in appointments
 or even the blurb  before starting on Perec''s first novel  Portrait of a Man , rediscovered, translated and introduced by David Bellos. 
 Rachel is dressed in a sexy red dress  and she has a brief but nice talking exhale followed by flicking her cigarette at a man ." 
 Some crying and sighing  a most pitiful sight to see  All waiting patiently to see the executioner hang Montrose  a man of high degree. 
 Meanwhile a man the dog knows starts off in front of him  carrying a big piece of linen rag  or some conspicuous object
 Eight policemen have been accused of stripping a man naked, beating him violently and fondling his penis. 
 At the common law a man was born to the right to sit in juries. 
 But there was a man called Nabob who appeared in Persia, and he said I am Christ, and he started the Bahai religion. 
 That''s feminism too because modern women don''t know how to treat a man ! 
 It is simply the constant radiation of what a man really is. 
 He is unsure of himself as a man and his wife uses pills. 
 For example, a man who attends a seminar about a get-rich-quick scheme may well return with high energy and enthusiasm
 While Bradley''s coaching versatility is admirable, Bishop''s Ray "Slash" Vazquez is truly a man for all seasons. 
 George Soros, we figure, is at this point one of the elite''s hand-picked minions, a man 
 The guide was a man in his forties wearing a beat up Stetson hat. 
 Next, browse terms, state could you be a man   a trans  or a few  your own real age  find the neighborhood  publish a primary pic
 A man and three women were seriously injured in two separate armed road robberies in South and West Darfur on Thursday. 
 The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors on Tuesday approved a $5 million settlement with the family of a man 
 I saw a man who pushed me and stole my wallet  I tried to call police press any alarm button in a subway
 ORIGINAL STORY: Berkeley Fire and Berkeley Police responded Friday morning to an incident in which a man went under an AC Transit bus in downtown Berkeley. 
 And the point of the play, presumably, is to shrink the 20th century''s greatest myth into an ordinary mortal, a man of trivial dimensions, a daft little twerp from Hicksville who entertained a lot of dim, deluded ideas. 
 ''NITOR IN ADVERSUM'' is the motto for a man like you." 
 How can you judge a man ? 
 A man with a bigger ego I have never met. 
 Lambert was down a man and still won easily over some good teams while the rest of our top half was idle. 
 A man looks over to the elevator camera monitor and sees Joe, whose face is shielded by all the food packages. 
 Mail carrier''s quick thinking helped a man who accidentally cut himself with chainsaw –– Express Mailed severed hand to OR. 
 Who C. E. Raimond was nobody knew, but it was generally accepted that the author was a man . 
 Seated in the treasure trove that is Alan''s sitting-room, it as obvious that I as talking to a man with a passion for beautiful things. 
 A man in his 40s in Melbourne was also taken to hospital last week for thromobosis as well as a low platelet count. 
 A man found in possession of a "worthless" amount of cannabis herb has received a suspended sentence. 
 Just because Fred Noonan was a man doesn''t mean people should engage in pointless and ill-considered speculation about adultery! 
 A MAN 
 A man is accused of a bizarre crime involving vials of blood and urine taken from an east Shelby County health clinic. 
 Memories as badly mutilated as the following, however, are not counted: "A lot of buildings" for "three houses; " " a man " for "a fireman"; "who was sick" for "who was asleep"; etc. Occasionally we may give half credit
 A man was arrested after police found a little girl wandering the street alone and barefoot. 
 Local news media reported a shootout between a man and a security guard started at the Grand Strand Baptist Church and ended up at a nearby restaurant
 Police say it was because she was having an affair with a man at the Jefferson City Correctional Center as a nurse. 
 Richard II is the tragedy of a man in the wrong job. 
 What right does a man have to stop you from taking an action? 
 To this writer the Vice-Admiral''s behaviour seems that of a man in a sulk, who will do only that which he can find no excuses for neglecting. 
 Sickening that society''s thirst for a man to be persecuted for being black and gay while also a crime victim has ruled the media focus
 Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy Mimicking Myocardial Infarction in a Man with Myasthenic Crisis: A Case Report and Literature Review. 
 a man who... 
 A man 
 The governor''s record can be read as the actions of a man who feels toward our region something between indifference and outright hostility. 
 The next time you''re in the southside of London, you might find yourself standing next to a man purchasing his chicken tikka with pounds sterling that feature  rather than the Queen of England
 One of the cooks, a man in a bloody apron he had watched manhandling a whole wild pig into the fire pit
 Okay now, pull yourself together, is this how a man brushes his teeth? 
 A man doesn''t hang back when he sees something that calls for action. 
 a man it had falsely arrested. 
 This particular house was apparently built by a man as a wedding gift for his new bride at the turn of the century. 
 " A man gave me the money." 
 It''s only a testament to the fact that you''re not a man but a disgusting asshole of a midget. 
 was photographed over the weekend in Broward County w/ a man in a Pepe-the-Frog shirt and Proud-Boy hat: https://t.co/8mThoAU2Lx 
 the mess you used to leave when you visited  our boring nights in the flat  a man boy, the cheap perfumes you bought me, you calling me fat. 
 "I''ve married a man who owns nine cows " said Jinjur to Ozma
 She wants a man who loves her like her cat Gypsy loves her – a man with "cat values." 
 One of the more recent examples is a man named Adam  a white man
 Simply having " a man " wouldn''t have been seen as a worthwhile plan. 
 Yes, I came away from this talk last night -- angry again -- thinking about the bit in *Don Quixote* where a man delivers a lecture about the inability of a woman to "take offense." 
 Or is the individual afraid to properly identify himself/herself and for what reason?â€ Arnold I am a man of mystery. 
 "This is not a man who goes out to campaign and steps on his dick." 
 Scripture is quite clear: sexual activity – both physical and mental – outside of a marriage between a man and woman, is sin. 
 Wooten was a literal giant of a man , standing six-foot-six and with a full, furry beard and a wax-tipped handle bar moustache. 
 Buck Cochran is a man unafraid to tear up when he talks about his family or the joy he has found as an accidental farmer
 Tylenol brand has posted a large and backlit billboard on a very popular location with a brilliant execution of a man suffering from a bad headache. 
 Syrnikov is a man on a mission, to reclaim the heritage of Russian peasant food that spanned eons before the Bolshevik revolution. 
 They cooked, drank, and toasted a man who''s legacy will continue on. 
 This is a man talking about GSP having it easy by being matched with Koscheck
 So I had never been able to shake the feeling that this Estebanico was a man conceived by the Castilians, quite different from the man I really was. 
 So, here was a man who had done massive favours for Wolves and key members of their dressing room. 
 Titus also noted that ambition is admired in a man but looked down on in a woman, one of the many challenges female candidates face. 
 He does seem a man , as you say, who was a dreadful combination of inept and out of touch with his subjects. 
 He actually told the police to look for a man "born and educated in Germany," a prediction so far off the mark that the Mad Bomber himself was moved to object. 
 either because of the uniform he wears or because of his ridiculous skill  but it''s hard to hate a man who plays the game with such passion, excitement, and poise. 
 Two pushbike riders may be able to assist with inquiries after a man was stabbed at Punchbowl. 
 What is considered a good thing in a man is potentially troublesome in a woman but I was determined not to crumble, tempting as it was. 
 a voice from heaven is heard  when he gets up he is blind  needs to be led by his servants  to a man – Ananias – who was apparently his enemy until a while ago. 
 the woman is convicted for having "allowed a man to make love to her" because this undeniable fact is implicit in the very nature of the woman''s complaint. 
 The Sedins taught me that being strong doesn''t have to be "being a man ." 
 A man dictionary defined displays manly character or courage, and I did not do that. 
 It is a shame that medical community has a man like chopra in its ranks -_- 
 After that, 5 days of field sprints are in store–no doubt a welcome sight for Tom Boonen, a man seeking a bit of redemption following a less-than-stellar fall campaign. 
 2009) uses a montage to illustrate the family''s "idyllic" lifestyle: a shot of a caravan  a child in its mother''s arms  a man with a horse  a mother with her baby  the horse again  a boy walking with a dog on a road  children climbing a hill
 If it can bring down a man as powerful as Les Moonves at CBS  who has much MORE personal power and clout than Kavanaugh
 Heck, a church will be punished for daring to call a man a man, or a woman a woman! 
 A man and woman will have court today charged after allegedly claiming more than $650
 embodied by a man and a woman joining together, leads to social flourishing. 
 there is no necessity that a woman should be treated by a man , or a man by a woman. 
 I do like a man with unswerving belief. 
 Looking like a man who''s been waiting in line for two hours to find a vacant john
 In 1987, a Chicago television broadcast was interrupted by a man wearing a Max Headroom mask. 
 How does a man ........ a straight man....... who has never told ANYONE about what he''s been through explain the hurt  pain  shame
 But under no set of circumstances can anyone who knows this case from the beginning, classify Jose Baez as a man of principal. 
 A true free spirit and a man with a huge heart who would give his last dollar if you needed it or the shirt of his back. 
 it was learnt that the two now-deceased men were hacked to death for settling scores after a man   identified as Shanmugasundaram  belonging to the thevar community
 A man accused of manipulating vulnerable women into joining his sex cult is still making music. 
 A man in Maine / The war in the air / In the middle / Are you tired of me
 A man 
 If industry and belief in his own aims could of themselves make a man great we might reverence George. 
 Burke said of General Conway, a man of position
 I HAD no more business to go to the East Indies than a man at full liberty has to go to the turnkey at Newgate  and desire him to lock him up among the prisoners there
 Maybe you could tell me what the ancestor of man was about 9 million years ago, or why did man become a man and the ape remained an ape even though they have been around for the same period of time? 
 Our group was shown a video in which a man with a revolver robbed a bank or something and fired the revolver. 
 What''s more, several people who knew Colbert''s top suspect, a man named Robert W. Rackstraw, have noted possible connections to the CIA and to top-secret operations, Colbert said. 
 A man of his resources had no problem getting a new car every couple months, so all of his cars had no plates. 
 A man looks at a stock price board in a street Tuesday, March 15, 2011 in Tokyo, Japan. 
 "Guess who''s coming to dinner " -- "You think of yourself as a colored man  I think of myself as just a man ." 
 Oprah says she recently met a man who has dedicated his life to the study of life extension and healthy living. 
 yet men are learning that a real  genuine Latter-day Saint is a man worthy to be trusted in all particulars because he desires to know the mind and will of God." 
 Firefighters risked their lives to rescue a man from a burning building, but they were too late. 
 "Never leave a man behind." 
 Maggie B just sent me an e-mail showing the store filling up with merchandise, so Bob James is a man of his word. 
 Man will always be in the presence of others, and it is through his social encounters that he becomes a man closer to his fullness. 
 As far as I can tell these laws are pretty useful because to a man all that have been prosecuted have been intent on goading others to do violence, part of violent groups, done v 
 but there''s plenty of emotion in this character study of a man who feels the mere fact of his survival obliges him to give back. 
 This is a man who uses "Muis!" 
 For example, if a man were to join a women''s organization, he would get singled out and might be the only male presence. 
 Truly a man of the common people. 
 we could do worse than remember a man whose words and actions insisted that we are all made in the image of God. 
 In other words as Dirty Harry so aptly put it," a man must understand his limitations." 
 If a man is abstinent  masturbation may be the best way to prevent the build-up of semen
 but he is totally convincing here as a depressed person  because in Mel''s eyes  you can really see a man tormented by inner demons. 
 It''s just that the character of Art Howe in this film doesn''t act like a baseball man, a man who spent years in the game as a former player, with the grit and dust between his cleats. 
 who wrote the opinion for the majority  conceded  in effect  that the Court could not enforce that decision in case a man made the pledge but did not keep it after being chosen elector. 
 2012 The MYSTERY issue: a man is cured of AIDS  the big bang theory
 She has never seen a man like me before. 
 I have no ob-jection to a man being bought, but I protest against him demanding the pay twice." 
 Alda expressed his pro ERA stan-ce in terms of his daughters, "I don''t want them to have to work three times as hard as a man to get a job." 
 a man in October 2016. 
 What must a Man do in that Case? 
 Prophaneness, Lewdness, and Debauchery are not now Qualifications, and a Man may be a very fine Gentleman, tho'' he is neither a Keeper nor an Infidel. 
 ^ "End as a Man ". 
 A few days later, during a rally to launch Hate Week, a man switches briefcases with Winston. 
 Over 700 houses were destroyed, and several buildings collapsed, one of which killed a man in the city of Gorontalo. 
 between Libyan government militia in the city and Tubu tribesman  after a man from the Abu Seif tribe was killed in a dispute over a car by the Tubu. 
 Quote: " A man 
 In the 2017 Notre Dame attack, on 6 June, a man assaulted a police officer with a hammer at the cathedral of Notre Dame. 
 On 3 December, a man from Nizamabad district was arrested by the Cyberabad police  after a cyber crime case was filed against him
 A man named Johnny (Gilles Renaud), who becomes the fall guy for a bank robbery, is released from prison on a 36-hour parole. 
 In Bahawalpur, Pakistan, and the subcontinent, he was an Arab of the Abbasids and a conqueror, a man drawing his wealth from the country but not part of it. 
 The Franco-Israeli historian Renée Poznanski called Rayski a man 
 Not willing to kill a man , Henry tells Dabs not to go through with it. 
 The Blog of the APA article also covers "The Dispute Between a Man and His Ba" of 19th century BCE; "The Teaching of Ani"  13th century BCE
 an Air Algérie Boeing 767-300 with 232 persons on board was hijacked at Oran Es Sénia Airport by a man who demanded to be flown to the United States, rather than to Algiers where the aircraft had been scheduled to leave for. 
 "For a man who had spent many a tour and series warming up the bench  carrying drinks  wondering when his opportunity will come
 Receiving the Crystal Simorgh for the second role of a man from the 8th Fajr Film Festival for his role in Ali Hatami''s film Mother (1989) 
 Ale were believed to be able to make men insane; in eastern Serbia there is a special term for such a man : alosan. 
 ^ This quote seems to be taken from the 1899 Douay–Rheims Bible version of Matthew 16:26: "For what doth it profit a man , if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his own soul?" 
 Shortly afterwards, Allen learns he is the host of the late 14th Noah, Nea D. Campbell, a man who is also Mana''s late brother. 
 and "drew heavily from his experiences as both a doctor and a man hobbled by neuroses". 
 A man whom Stan believes is his imaginary friend returns to collect a debt. 
 Amlaíb''s paternal grandfather was Custantín mac Áeda, King of Alba (died 952), a man who possessed strong connections with the Scandinavian dynasty of Dublin. 
 She confirmed that Amy would have further bad luck with romance when she dates a man with a criminal past. 
 Kaufman finally stepped into the ring (in the Memphis wrestling circuit) with a man –Lawler himself. 
 "Let It Roll"  "I''m Waiting Just for You" (written by Carolyn Leigh and Henry Glover)  "Moanin'' the Blues"  "I Want a Man ," and "More, More, More." 
 The Daily Express said that Eton "may well have elected a man who will help to effect a quiet, but most necessary revolution" at the school. 
 a man assigned as waiter and coachman from October 17, 1819, until June 3, 1820. 
 On the sanbenito was the image of a man engulfed by flames and devils. 
 They work out a bed-sharing compromise, since Christina is still mistaken for a man . 
 Apollo was later dedicated to President John F. Kennedy''s national goal for the 1960s of "landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth" in an address to Congress on May 25, 1961. 
 One of King''s friends defended his actions by stating that the breeding of Thoroughbreds was all but expected of a man of property and the "Squire of Ashby". 
 The story begins as a man named Er (/ɜːr/; Greek: Ἤρ, gen.: Ἠρός), son of Armenios (Ἀρμένιος), of Pamphylia dies in battle. 
 Some say that he was a man of the Brazen Race, others that he was given to Minos by Hephaestus; he was a brazen man, but some say that he was a bull. 
 She is revealed to be conspiring with a man affiliated with a symbol that exists in Robert''s book possessed by Oliver. 
 A man speaking at the GDPR compliance workshop at the 2019 Entrepreneurship Summit. 
 A man tries-on a new tie. 
 Frank takes them both to a pawn shop where the shopkeeper (Duane Whitaker) tells him it belongs to a man named Terence (Erik Betts), whose wife''s picture is in the pendant. 
 She takes a bank hostage with a toy gun during which a man suffers a fatal heart attack; she is re-imprisoned again. 
 According to the Latin author Aulus Gellius, who relates he was present at the episode, a man in a cloak  "with long hair and a beard that reached almost to his waist"  once came to the Athenian aristocrat
 a man who never held the barony. 
 symbolizing spilt blood  as an act of protest against the continued glorification of a man responsible for ushering in an era of exploitation and slaughter of Indigenous peoples by European colonizers. 
 Inspired by true events, the film follows a poverty-stricken young mother who has to get money from a man from her abusive past in order to save her family. 
 and into the darkness  a scared cry of a girl  the frightening roar of a bear  and the terrified cry of a man rang out. 
 He also witnessed a man accidentally shoot himself. 
 The legend behind the Bisha''a goes back to a man 
 He talks to a man called Isaiah on the bus.( 
 "Sean Penn''s Debut Novel Takes Aim at Trump: ''You Are a Man in Need of an Intervention''". 
 In the first verse, a man approaches a young woman who is fixing a car (a hearse, actually) with her friends. 
 For a man 
 She was married to a man until her early thirties, but now identifies as gay. 
 He is arrested by the police who think he is the leader of a gang that has killed a man and stolen a large amount of money. 
 When a man dies  his personal effects can be inherited by his siblings  unless his mother is still alive
 Isobe clarifies the title as meaning "Talks by a man who lives on vegetable roots", or more freely "Talks by a man who lives a plain and humble life". 
 To escape a man she thinks is following her
 This led to protests by the 1777–1793 governor, a man named Smith, but to little avail. 
 A man comes in with facial injuries caused by his wife
 "Cathedral" - Narrated by a man whose wife is old friends with a blind man
 "Charlotte Dellal: ''I named my bag collection after men, as I''d rather have a man on my arm''". 
 To avoid further legal trouble, and knowing Charming''s reputation, she poses as a man named Lenny. 
 like what it means to "to be a woman or a man " and how a person decides "who they are inside." 
 They left, but were followed by a man who hit one of the Chinamen over the head with a board. 
 After hard work by a man named Samuel Kirton  and despite opposition from the wealthy planters
 Goodman''s name was the most odious of his party to Elizabeth  and fellow reformer John Jewel wrote that Goodman was " a man of irritable temper, and too pertinaceous in anything he has once undertaken". 
 He was a man of serious and devout mind  though not without humour; he had an interest in theology  and some knowledge of it
 Further, a number of bishops are widowers, but because clergy cannot remarry after ordination, such a man must remain celibate after the death of his wife. 
 On Lord, the university stated he was a "scholar, administrator, and a man deeply committed to the world about him". 
 offering the now-archaic sound of a typewriter''s taps and the quaintness of a period in which a man and woman had to be married to secure a motel room. 
 At that time a man named Robert A. Corbin owned the majority of the land in the area and the railroad named the depot after him. 
 Ott began experimenting with playing synthesizer and piano, a man named Isaac joined on violin and Tim Armstrong (then known as Lint) played bass for a brief period. 
 She learns that they, along with Gautham, were forced by a man called Benedict Sidwell  a black market financer who funded the Evotar Project
 a man sitting writing at a modest desk. 
 In Germany winds up to 150 km/h (93 mph) were recorded at the Brocken in Lower Saxony, where a man was seriously injured. 
 "DP: A man who was one with the people". 
 At a store, a man wearing a chicken suit asks Peter if he wants a coupon  but Peter refuses
 In each statue found at a victim''s feet, the demon in the little figurines emerges from the back of a man , budding out farther with each crime. 
 A Man Named Thin. 
 David Cheverie, of the Charlottetown Police Department, rescued a man from a house fire in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. 
 Mr. Wright said further, "David was a man of deep drives of passion for ministry. 
 In 2004, Morrissey reunited with Tony Marchant to direct the two-part television film Passer By, about a man (James Nesbitt) who witnesses an attack on a woman (Emily Bruni) but does nothing to stop it. 
 It is related that this last Gospatric "recently" fought a man named Waltheof son of Ælfsige. 
 "Or, should it be led by a man , who out of fear for his job, would listen to and be persuaded by politicians who are usually trying to create votes?" 
 One scene involves a man who looks up just as bombs are dropped from a plane, a subtle nod towards the song''s theme. 
 but the exact location of his grave is uncertain.: 403–404 Holliday''s father  Major Henry Holliday  a man of means and influence, had his son re-buried in Griffin''s Oak Hill Cemetery. 
 A follow-up single release, "Take It Like a Man ", fared no better, failing to enter the top 100 of the UK Singles Chart. 
 one the Dryopithecus of Lartet  nearly as large as a man   and closely allied to Hylobates
 A man who had no principles in the North, and took none South with him! 
 Tension developed between the trio, with Foster seeing his long-desired place as CPUSA chief foiled by a man 
 The book ends back in Australia with Eddie''s first testosterone injection to initiate the chemical change to a man . 
 Greenfield was born into slavery in Natchez, Mississippi somewhere between 1817 and 1826, to Anna Greenfield and a man whose name may have been "Taylor." 
 The great novelty is the equestrian obverse, which depicts William as duke of Normandy . It shows a man wearing a helmet or crown, mounted on a gallopping horse, and holding a shield and banner with three streamers. 
 In 2011, years after having left his Love In Action post, he stated that he was homosexual, and that he had "never met a man who experienced a change from homosexual to heterosexual." 
 For example, paternity cases are sometimes the subject of extrinsic fraud; the classic case is when a man is encouraged to sign an acknowledgment that he is the father of a newborn baby
 which concluded that the film "... veers between comedy and pathos as a man discovers ... fat is the ... only sin in America." 
 as Mr. Wang in Uranium Madhouse''s production of Bertolt Brecht''s A Man ''s a Man  A Winter People  Chay Yew''s adaptation of The Cherry Orchard at the Boston Court in Pasadena
 R. K. Verbeck purchased "John" from a female landlord who had held it as collateral from a man who had died owing her rent. 
 However, in 1449, a man named François de Surienne  an Aragonese mercenary at the service of the English
 A man with strong ties to the Authentic Radical Liberal Party of former President Federico Franco
 In 1881, Charlotte married Captain Benjamin Hutchinson, a man 13 years her junior. 
 A man of wide and varied interests
 This issue ends with an unrelated 4-page story titled "Revenge of the Vengeful Avenger," which revolves around a man who''s killed by his business associates and returns from the dead for revenge. 
 The twins who turned into birds did so because of their love for a man who couldn''t choose between them. 
 The cover of Gastronomica''s Fall 2002 issue featured Skoff''s photograph of a man eating a tomato with hards covered in dirt. 
 Historian Thomas D. Clark characterized Mowry as a man of "absolute integrity" and added "keen intellect  broad academic interests  insight
 Later that evening at the shepherd''s hut, voices were heard outside and Cash opened the door and fired at a man holding a firearm, hitting the gun and separating the stock from the barrel. 
 Gerald and Jessie''s vision of herself taunt her that she never recovered from the assault  and that she married a man just like her father. 
 For the Igbo people, a man is simultaneously a physical and spiritual entity. 
 And another person is on the boat, a man with a turtle shell on his back. 
 Glúniarann''s ultimate fate is unknown, but a man named Glúntradna mac Glúniarainn, likely a son, is mentioned by the annals. 
 Before the statue was unveiled, a man accosted him claiming to be Kiyoshi Yamada  the son in the picture
 where he mentioned that the film was confiscated by a man wearing a policeman''s uniform, except he was not wearing a hat. 
 Richard Gunn plays the chief of police John Sanders, a man who''s serious about his job and doesn''t give up easily to bring justice to Granite Flats. 
 The toponym, first mentioned in about 1030, is Old English, and means "clearing of a man called Grante". 
 But Eichmann was a man who renounced all qualities of personhood
 She disguised herself as a man and worked as a brakeman on the Trans-Siberian Railway, travelling across the Chinese Eastern Railway to Harbin. 
 In present day Hawaii, during the soft opening of McGarrett and Danny''s restaurant, a man 
 ^ "A Down-Home Look At Ross Perot -- He''s A Man Of Norman Rockwell Values | The Seattle Times". archive.seattletimes.com. 
 When contacted, Coddington refused to serve, and the 75-year-old Henry Bull, " a man who afterwards proved himself to be as fearless as he was honest " was then chosen governor
 William Camden says that he was " a man both for parentage and for knowledge of antiquity
 He notes how "a great part of this city, lies so desolate and void of inhabitants, that a man cannot without great difficulty pass
 "pertaining to a man 
 For example, after in an incident in November 2012 whereby a man allegedly shot at a deer in a Walmart parking lot in Pennsylvania  he was charged with "reckless endangerment
 For the Disney song, see I''ll Make a Man Out of You. 
 The show reused four discussion topics from the previous I Am a Man episodes. 
 people are relatively good at detecting when someone is a man even when they profess to be a woman online. 
 Written and produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, the song spoke of a man who left a troubling relationship because he didn''t want to fall in love
 Nearing the end of this scene, a man in the crowd can be seen handing out his phone number on a piece of paper to one of the group members  Sandford
 Edgar visits a homeless shelter and selects a man sleeping in one of the beds. 
 S.D. Bhaba, president of the Indian Christian Union, once described Krishna Varma as a man "whose bark was worse than his bite". 
 A man forces two more prostitutes behind the screen. 
 It had been given to me to read and study, and I knew a man by the name of Steve Miller
 as well as briefly meeting Oswald  and romantically involved with a man called "Clay Bertrand". 
 With the scores level after normal time and Orient already a man down, Ibehre was judged to have handled the ball in the first period of extra time. 
 He was a man of the people for the people of Canada and was a true Albertan. 
 Jack defends a man who claims he was wrongly accused of rape. 
 Hildreth didn''t play in the third Test match, but in his last match for the team he recorded a man of the match performance to defeat the Bangladeshis in the only completed ODI. 
 In the same year, Ma was cast as a lead role in Just a Man , Not a Magician with Kimberley Anne Woltemas. 
 Jamieson v HM Advocate is a notable legal case which established a precedent in Scotland which held that a man does not commit rape where he honestly, albeit unreasonably, believes his victim is consenting. 
 He is a man of honour, always faithful to his master, duke Jeremi Wiśniowiecki. 
 A mock person tagged with the year that passed was laid on top of it, and a man dressed in tattered black cloth recited Latin prayer and led people through a funeral march
 Jay faces off against his old friend and rival, Tim Allen, in a Camry with 800 horsepower, meets a man who turns rust-buckets into race-worthy works of art
 What a day for a man worthy of being free! 
 Initially, it seemed unlikely that a man who was the source of so much mockery could ever hope to compete against the confident and intellectual Pierre Trudeau. 
 On their relationship, Novlan declares that "it''s time that Steffy meets a man with a new set of values, and a new version of what passion and love can bring. 
 depicted a pair or trio of grotesque  totemic heads (usually a man in frontal and profile views and a snarling dog)
 He was a man of great physical force and of vigorous intellect
 A man who was basically a philosopher and poet and somehow got involved with Gunsmoke. 
 It was erected in the time of Henry VIII by a man named Millaton, probably of Millaton in Bridestow, Devon. 
 Young Scots country blacksmith Kirkpatrick Macmillan is a man of ideas, like the velocipede – a clanking, pedalled contraption that''s the ancestor of the modern bicycle. 
 For the film A Man Who Was Superman  Jun cut off her signature long silky hair to play a cynical documentary producer who meets an odd
 the fact he was the only Chinese-speaking attorney in Toronto at the time  and because he was a man who "gave personal care and attention to his clients". 
 Standing precariously upon a rocky outcrop, a man casts his net onto the violent Fuji River at Kajikazawa. 
 communicating before and during intercourse (moaning)  diverse regional practices and customs  the needs of a man   the needs of a woman  variations and surprises  oral sex for women  oral sex for men  opinions  disagreements
 A man 
 Zebec was a man who was known to work players to the max. 
 He said that a man known as Darío Vela was the one in charge of that position. 
 but on the second part  the girl awakens a man named Kirigli. 
 who originally chartered the Cessna  accompany him  but Ohashi  who has just killed a man , forces Ishida to land the plane on a small island along the way in an attempt to escape capture. 
 called Hammerstein-Equord "the only man who could remove Hitler– a man without nerves". 
 The legislation removed the statutory reference to marriage as a union "between a man 
 most prominently in the Book of Job  which begins  "There was a man in the land of Uz, whose name was Job". 
 When a man and a woman are communicating within their relationship, the traditional language roles are altered. 
 "Always a man for pictorial respectability  Mr. Wilcox does quite nicely by an unelaborate budget
 " President Paul Wellman cited Shippey''s "astonishing array" of published works and lauded him as a man of "good humor, discernment and, above all, sympathy." 
 Jaroff had been investigating Uri Geller, a man who claimed to be able to project energy "by sheer mind power" and "cause an electron beam to be diverted
 A man called Sir Otis claims that it is his, but Libeaus refuses to give it up. 
 She rescued a man and his seven-year-old daughter on 7 July 1883 in Gardiners Bay off Long Island, New York. 
 Annabeth prosecutes a man accused of kidnapping a successful African American man and murdering another. 
 greenhorn Jake Anderson  from a multi-generational Norwegian fishing family  anxious to prove himself " a man " aboard the most respected ship in the fleet; Sig refused to greet him, as is his tradition with greenhorns. 
 When asked to describe the killer by a sketch artist for a facial composite, he describes a man with facial features similar to Jesus Christ, thus saving Dexter from being caught. 
 On the other hand, Liro instructs a man to find Dyesebel while she is on the land. 
 A man who steals one of Frank Butcher''s cars and then drives it into a wall in a police chase. 
 Beatrijs is a poem written c. 1374) about the legend of a nun, Beatrijs, who deserted her convent for the love of a man . 
 George Agdgdgwngo making three calls, phoning a man picked from his database (A Phone Book) to receive a cash prize monies (£82.57) from the 1ps and 2ps people forget about
 Tetsuro meets a man who would like to be a manga artist but can''t do so because the planet has a caste system. 
 A man tries to sell his J. C. Higgins bicycle, but learned that restoration work on it has affected its value. 
 A man dressed in a top hat and dinner suit
 In Asinaria, act II, scene IV, verse 89 . Lupus est homo homini, non homo, quom qualis sit non novit (" a man to a man is a wolf, not a man, when the other doesn''t know of what character he is." 
 This episode features a firefighter who suffers from respiratory problems, a man 
 Prue notices a man , Graham, watching her and cuts the meeting short. 
 a man who could provide an even more luxurious lifestyle. 
 When a man introduces her to his million dollar robot she accidentally makes it knock over a child, incurring the man''s wrath. 
 He now appears as a man dressed in a long kimono with a long scarf and straw hat  and has a unique technique to project chi toward people
 Fiscus''s mother (Lainie Kazan) visits the emergency room, and Luther tries to keep a man (Richard Kline) who thinks he''s pregnant out of the psychiatric unit. 
 In "The Debt Collector" Liz is kidnapped by Edgar Grant who was presumably hired by a man she had arrested previously that forced Red to cooperate with Kaplan. 
 a man found shot dead in an abandoned car. 
 Through a series of trades, he helps out a man who reveals himself as the king of the Blueberry Kingdom. 
 Pete and the Squad try to clear a young Apache falsely accused of murdering a man in a small desert town. 
 Meanwhile, a man claiming to be Vash the Stampede has set up camp nearby and is terrorizing the town. 
 1611 Holy Thursday, Francisco de Quevedo killed a man with his sword for hitting a lady in a church. 
 Police say the incident began at around 3:20 a.m. when an officer, Aaron Smith, noticed a man , later identified as Gunn, walking in the area and stopped to talk to him. 
 A man tells Kennedy the cop that it is a fine night for a murder or robbery. 
 Promotional poster for Wilfredo: A Man And His Music at the 2010 Brighton Festival Fringe 
 Lady Worcester, whose husband was an indirect target of Bedloe''s accusations called him " a man whose whole life has been pageantry and villainy and whose word would not have been taken at sixpence". 
 Joshua Reed Giddings described him: "He was a man 
 He was himself a man of genius and wrote many popular songs  and a volume of poetry
 Tribute has been paid locally to a man of great bravery and talent  not just in the N.A.L.H.S. plaque  but also in the Willie Hall Cup
 Godfrey is said to have been a man of above average intellect, who could read and write. 
 The song tells the story of a man who receives a letter from a caring ex-lover who asks him if he still drinks. 
 In archaic Roman society, these priestesses were the only women not required to be under the legal guardianship of a man , instead answering directly and only to the Pontifex Maximus. 
 The rule in secular families is that if a man leaves his wife  for any reason other than the ones regulated by law  and weds another he will be denied holy communion
 There was already a zawiya built in the place by a man known as Sidi al-Lahbi. 
 However, the latest Genealogy research shows that the two family are descended from a man named Wang Ying, who lived in Later period of Southern Song. 
 After realizing this, the sheikh sends after her Jammil (Renato Góes), a man of her trust and fiancee of her daughter, Dalilah Abdallah (Alice Wegmann), to receive his punishment. 
 However, following the death of U.M. Lawal-Osula, a man 
 As a result, a man will place high levels of importance on a mate with greater reproductive value.: 208 A man is more likely to engage in "hands on" killing methods when the mate has high reproductive value. 
 As Thomas continues to cry, a man walks by his room and peeks in asking if he is all right for he heard him crying. 
 He was described as a man 
 The runic text states that the stone was raised by a brother in memory of a man named Rúnfastr, who died on a voyage. 
 On the far right, there is a man with elephantine ears, while in the center we see a man covered in feathers. 
 He reasons that if a chimpanzee is ten times as strong as a man , and a man is ten times as strong as Waldo, then Waldo is as far above men as men are above chimpanzees. 
 the words and music of a man trying to understand a huge part of his life." 
 Other observers say that he was not a visionary, but instead a man who was in the right place at the right time
 He later was taken in by a man named Du at Bian Prefecture (汴州  in modern Kaifeng  Henan) and adopted as a son
 Leela sneaks aboard the Nimbus disguised as a man under the name of Lee Lemon (Leela Man), and Brannigan finds himself attracted to this new soldier. 
 "Montgomery County Police Are Looking For A Man Who Spray Painted Swastikas On A Rockville Synagogue". 
 Weeksella massiliensis has been isolated from the urine from a man with acute cystitis Weeksella massiliensis is a human pathogen. 
 On March 10, a close contact of a previous case and a man who travelled to Switzerland were confirmed as Ontario''s 35th and 36th case, respectively. 
 The school was named after a man by the name of William Poppleton, a man who owned 1,200 acres of land in Troy. 
 On June 27, 1431, King Władysław II Jagiełło presented Turka to a man named Vancza Valachus. 
 I''ve discovered a tremendous plot . . . I''ve had a man hanged who communicated with the enemy. 
 But for three people walking across the forecourt on the Sunset Strip, a man getting out of his car at Flagstaff  Arizona and a man looking under his hood at Lupton  Arizona
 A very shy lawyer, Fremissin, is tasked with defending Garadoux, a man charged rightfully with beating his wife. 
 Out ahead of the storm, a man drowned off the coast of Shikoku after his vessel capsized amid large swells. 
 Later in Skáldskaparmál, the skald god Bragi tells Ægir (described earlier in Skáldskaparmál as a man from the island of Hlesey) how kennings function. 
 According to historian Hugh N. Kennedy, Ubayd Allah was "more hasty and given to the use of force than his father, but a man whose devotion to the Umayyad cause could not have been doubted". 
 A school was opened in a log cabin about a mile north of where Andersonville now stands, in 1815 or 1816, the teacher being a man by the name of Perkins. 
 The blackmailer tasks Regis with recovering a device called a memory module from the apartment of Giel Van der Waal, a man with ties to organized crime and a person of interest in the Mindjacker case. 
 According to Vermillion family history, Jack killed a man in a gunfight in 1890 and was forced to move 60 miles east to Mendota  Virginia
 Chet and Biff Hooper, who has joined the others in Iceland, go to investigate a man named Hallbjornsson who might know Rex
 Proctor identifies him as Jamie Wells, a man who fled the scene of the raid. 
 a man who Marx speaks of very disparagingly. 
 PC Brammell allows a man who defends a shopkeeper by punching a youth to go free. 
 He speaks to Ista on the way, and learns of a prophecy that the curse can be broken by a man "willing to lay down his life three times for the House of Chalion." 
 In The Great Brain at the Academy, Tom accuses a man of cheating at cards
 A man in jail facing a certain hanging tries to convince Will and Jeff that he is their long lost family member Jim Sonnett
 by pointing out "that the punishment of a man 
 A man fleeing pursuers crashes into Tony Blake''s stage, sending both of them to the hospital. 
 In the essay "The ''Measure of a Man '' and the Ethos of Hospitality: Towards an Ethical Dwelling with Technology" within the AI & Society journal in 2009
 Adopting a ''Kafkaesque'', subjective perspective (the outlook, as Brecht put it, "of a man caught under the wheels")
 The song is about a man who witnesses a breakup through a note left by his former lover. 
 he quotes the groom  his childhood best friend: "Nothing should ever hold a man back from his future." 
 The Mother enters, and with a side tells of her daughter and how she needs to find a man to marry. 
 It shows the artist girl sketching a man on a horse in the desert. 
 My idea for the Loughborough Market Place is a man , rather on the stocky side, who sits admiring his zigzag sock. 
 Wilberforce is a man "of many excellent and admirable qualifications": he is eloquent  "amiable  charitable  conscientious  pious
 The screenplay concerns a man who tries to prevent his wealthy ward from marrying a man involved in the horseracing world. 
 The Librarian (appears at the beginning and end of the programme), (sometimes a woman, sometimes a man ) 
 This melodrama is about a man whose girlfriend leaves him for another man after his face is disfigured. 
 Orson Welles appreciated the comment: "I think that''s the nicest thing that a man from England could say about the men from Mars. 
 It has some more of his popular songs, including "Creepy Doll", a song where a man buys an abandoned house and finds a living, creepy doll upstairs, and later is killed by the doll in a fire. 
 Elsie Randolph and Antony Holles and detonating it with a slow-burning musical comedy plot about a man with one fiancée too many. 
 Hearing a man in his late 30s sing about how he can''t get a prom date is a little off-putting." 
 The class of ''86 and Harvard College lose a man whose life would have been devoted to letters
 ^ Playing during his first season Carlos in Love Makes a Man (Colley Cibber)  Polydore in The Orphan (Thomas Otway)  Bassanio  Hotspur  Don Sebastian  Oroonoko
 A man considered of a lower class than the Critchfield family. 
 in February 1978 the head of an Orange County  California Star Trek fan group reported to the FBI that a man offered to sell plans of the film set. 
 ^ "On the DLC: A Man Named Angus". 
 "The Tugger & Double Trouble" (Apr 3, 2011) - A man attempting Foreskin restoration and a woman with uterus didelphys 
 He adopted a man named Arya Mitra as his son, and had three grandchildren. 
 Thu al-Isba'' al-''Adwani was an Arabic poet and a man of wisdom from the Banu ''Adwan tribe that historically lived in the northern parts of Ta''if. 
 In the title sequence, a man can be heard singing the first verse of the song Moonlight Bay. 
 In his famous memoir The Old Munster Circuit Healy recalls Boyd as " a warrior", and a man of boundless vitality and good humour. 
 "This is not a product of a man of leisure. 
 Chris was raped by a man 
 It must be a man who drinks well and eats well". 
 On the night of January 13, 1884, on a voyage to Tahiti, the second mate, a man called Maurice Fitzgerald, of the Hesper was found to be missing. 
 A man with character. 
 In Street Fighter Alpha 3 (1998), a man named M. Bison seeks Ryu to use him as his next host body. 
 The research of Tokashiki Iken indicates that he also went by the name of Xie Zhongxiang (謝宗祥), a man born in Changle, Fujian. 
 The lion for Mark, the bull for Luke, the eagle for John and a man for Matthew. 
 Still looking like a man whose eyes have been allocated the wrong size eyelids  still mugging  double taking
 and it was being said that before the Pilot  she was once ''heartbroken'' by a man named Dominic Delmonico, whom she briefly met again during series. 
 He also co-wrote, directed, and acted in Raptor, which had a two-episode run on Channel101.com, in which he portrays a man who plays foosball against his co-worker Raymond, a velociraptor. 
 "Why is your chief so violent about the Jews?... what is the sense of being against a man simply because of his birth? 
 Thomas de Quincey claimed that Williams had been an acquaintance of Timothy Marr, and described him as: " a man of middle stature, slenderly built, rather thin but wiry, tolerably muscular, and clear of all superfluous flesh. 
 Soon they begin to drift apart, she becoming infatuated with Harrison Thomby, a man about town, and a break finally comes when they meet at a cabaret. 
 a man and a woman living together without being married, an allegedly lesbian couple, etc.) with disastrous results. 
 Biannually, in even-numbered years, delegates at the Texas GOP State Convention elect a man 
 Rhyging in their jargon means a man who is always on top. 
 An American expat called Max tells him, "You need a man who can trek through the rain-forest in the dead of night ... A man 
 Some of the followers, such as Mary Magdalene and a man named Bartholomew, seemingly speak only in riddles and refuse to betray any others. 
 her mother may sit in peace while her one daughter spends her entire life waiting for a man who can never accept her and her other daughter lives her entire life not being able to accept her husband. 
 There is a beautiful symbiosis between a man and his mechanical watch. 
 as it was revealed in the previous book that he is the son of Ubel Griswold while he possessed a man later revealed to be Terry. 
 Indeed, once a settler accused two Tonkawa warriors of killing a man , and Plácido fled, seeking refuge with other Indians–all of whom refused him sanctuary. 
 Unfortunately, Patti has been lying to the newspaper, claiming that a man has been writing the column all along. 
 Reset into the front wall of the house are the stone heads c. 1300 of two ladies wearing wimples and the smaller head of a man . 
 In another case, a man experiencing anaphylaxis after taking acetaminophen tablets orally was found to be allergic to PVP. 
 The two leave after realizing there was a man masturbating to them, but he is killed by zombie hands spouting from the ground. 
 It is highly improbable that such a man would have chosen or indeed would have been able to live in a small village in the Chilterns, 40 miles from London. 
 In August 2019 it was reported that a man 
 Pullman porter, a man hired by the Pullman Company to work as porter on sleeping cars 
 The song is a mid-tempo in shifting meters (4/4 and 11/4 time) about a man who, upon losing his lover to a man named Earl, arrives to take her back. 
 The leader of the gypsies, a man named Melquíades  maintains a close friendship with José Arcadio  who becomes increasingly withdrawn
 The Aztecs'' story maintains that only a man , Coxcox, and a woman, Xochiquetzal, survived a flood, having floated on a piece of bark. 
 Ryosuke, a man she does not even know comes to save her and she witnesses his "Demon''s Hand" in action. 
 Honorable Mention: The Insult that made a man out of mac - Underhygiene (Heikki Paulaharju, Mikko Pitkänen) 
 She grew to popularity in 2013 when releasing her critically acclaimed first studio album, Picture of a Man . 
 Martin Clunes starred as Group Captain Barker; a man who flinches at the mention of, and has an inability to say the word, "Luftwaffe". 
 A man plays bagpipe in the harbour, during the international Celtic "Festival du chant de marin" 
 In 1996, 2 year after the closure of the PAN Club in Copenhagen, a man 
 1954 : The Morning of a Man of Letters by Tania Balachova after Anton Chekhov, directed by Tania Balachova, Théâtre de la Huchette 
 "Making It Part 3: A man moves out on his own after 30 years in prison for double homicide". 
 A man was arrested during the raid, presume to be the armed guard of the safehouse, 11 hostages were also discovered. 
 " A Man Has a Plan To Harvest a Forest In Ghanaian Lake". 
 Never Judge a Man by his Umbrella. 
 A man whose son was murdered years ago, is out to deliver his own justice by shooting purse snatchers at a city park. 
 The rest of the video shows him and his rockabilly gang dancing in Yoyogi Park in Harajuku and ends with a man trying to start his motorcycle, only to realize the engine is shot. 
 In her second visit to Spicer''s courtroom, she said a man stepped forward and poked a large, bronze pistol into an unnamed Cowboy''s belly, then took a couple of steps backward. 
 " A Man Proud in His Spirit and Proud in His Character". 
 Today, Sierra Leoneans regard Sir Milton Margai as a man of honesty and high principle, and look back to his time in office as a period of prosperity and social harmony. 
 Code of Hammurabi 196–201 (1750 BCE): 196If a man puts out the eye of another man  his eye shall be put out. 197If he breaks another man''s bone
 Lil Nas X revealed that it was written about a man he met in mid-2020, who was partying and taking drugs while in quarantine. 
 Spenser ... finds two couples -- a blackmailer and his parasite and a man and wife (the ballplayer ménage) with whom he becomes friendly. 
 after a man who tries to kill him to avenge his family''s death by Freeze''s hands  which impresses Terry
 it was displayed on state occasions carried in a velvet wrapping by a man who held it upright before his master. 
 منكم هعمل رجال مهما يكون / Minkum haemal rijal mahma yakun / Whatever you men have (I''ll Make a Man Out of You) 
 a man indebted to their cult. 
 Captain Christopher Harison  a man with no forestry training, but with remarkable aptitude for his new career. 
 Charger encounters an airplane crash while being stranded, and a man trapped in the airplane calls out to Charger for help. 
 Tacitus writes that Scaurus was " a man of distinguished rank and ability as an advocate, but of infamous life." 
 Roberto Arduim as Leonardo Lima Valley Son of Dr. Augusto de Amparo and her husband, Leonardo is a man of weak character and easily manipulated, especially by his wife. 
 In February 1931, she was charged with petty theft after L.H. Hillyer, a man from whom Nolan had rented a house, accused her of stealing a $200 rug from the home. 
 A man named Simon, from Cyrene, is compelled to carry Jesus'' cross. 
 Another example comes from testimony to South Africa''s Truth and Reconciliation Commission by Muhammad Ferhelst, a man who was imprisoned and tortured during apartheid. 
 Benjamín "Tuca" Pardo (Mex Urtizberea) A man that Lucas and Paloma know in a bowling alley in Rosario. 
 In the end a man is shown meeting his wife showing that from the beginning they were meant to be. 
 The right for a man 
 Luo said that Khan was a man with great talent and bold vision who broke ground and expanded frontiers. 
 ^ "Longest-living people of the Three Kingdoms ranked; at the top was a man who lived until the age of 105". 
 As a man of Gandhian Principles he did not hesitate to stand by the democratic values of his party. 
 A man (Phil LaMarr) becomes so obsessed with the taste of the food he''s served that he goes insane. 
 The song is about a man who willingly commits himself to a mental asylum, which set the tone for the overall theme of the album. 
 In one incident, a prominent Indian Mahatma nearly beat a man to death in Detroit for throwing a pie at the guru. 
 A man with tranquil mind is serene, it is he who abides in his soul and enjoys undecaying bliss, states the Upanishad. 
 A Madagascar-wise tale stated that the original union of a man and a woman, the wife brought the cloth and a mat, while the husband provided house building and agriculture. 
 A teenage boy runs away to New York City and is immediately recruited by other boys for a man who wants him for sex. 
 There shouldn''t be so many "would"s. Write it as "Roshan suffered from a major back injury while lifting a man weighing 110 kilograms, which was a part of an elaborate action sequence." 
 M1527.8 O''Clery (Gilla-Reagh, the son of Teige Cam), a scientific adept in history, poetry, and literature, and a man of consideration, wealth, prosperity, and great power, died in the habit of St. Francis, on the 8th day of March. 
" but by a car driven by a man under the influence of alcohol. 
 "Seven tells Kirk that he is a man taken from Earth over 6,000 years ago to an advanced world and there trained to intercede to help Earth survive." 
 Bruce Jenner, a physiological man who identified as a man, competed as a man and used male pronouns earned the medal and subsequent accolades  and it is a form of revisionist history
 Mr. Geoffrey (Calixte Giauffret?) Saw a man with a gray beard, Mrs. Sarda, a concierge from the street, could not recognize him. 
 One of the best story tellers was a man by the name of Staker Hanlan from near the railway Bridge on the Tulla Road. 
 It is the joke of a man ...in sexual despair.... 
 She was a notorious camp follower, drunkard, good-hearted woman who occasionnaly dressed as a man , could never settle down to raise her daughter Jessie (and don''t get me started on the McCormick hoax)... 
 There was a man called John Shakespeare who sold 30 Bugattis to a fellow Bugatti obsessive around 1962. 
 I disagree about aviator: A manager can be a man or a woman. 
 He was a man of sterling character, upright and honest in all his dealings. 
 They went with the medical officer, a man named Jeff LaRock  and though they got the target broken up and shoved in to cracks in the volcanic rock
 Legal concubinage was between a man and his own slave only. 
 Can we add brief explanations of the Making of a Man Clinic and the Students for Education and Economic Development (SEED)? 
 grant me your grace  O God  so that I walk out like a man to face the firing squad. 
 This is a man who''s 90 years old. 
 His camera, be it 16 or 35mm, analogue or digital, observes and records reality with the passion of a man who is one with the artist and who digs up in the world the remainder of a personal story of grief
 Did I miss anyone particularly distinctive and important? - A Man In Bl♟ck (conspire | past ops) 04:06, 10 November 2006 (UTC) 
 a man , certainly a lesbian relationship was not alluded to. 
 Terror Is A Man (1959) directed by Gerardo de Leon from a script by Paul Harber. 
 One is shot in Italian, and is overtly political in nature; the other is shot in English, and deals with the difficulties a man experiences growing up onboard an oceanliner without ever having set foot on land. 
 This was complemented by a man on the album cover with "LOVE" and "HATE" tattooed on his knuckles. 
 If a man were to say to his wife
 Objective evidence in fact proves she was living in upstate New York married to a man 
 The precise point of disagreement between the Senators was over a man name Robert Garwood. 
 We can bring the conscience of a man to no court; and, no one is accountable for his religious opinions to any earthly power>>. 
 It is relevant to the Pearl necklace topic because a person who is interested in reading about a man ejaculating on person''s neck, etc. is likely to be interested in reading about several men ejaculating on a person. 
 He looks nothing like a man or homosexual, or even a metrosexual in drag. 
 the two CNN sources from 2001 says "Renoir''s "Conversation" -- a close-up of a man and a woman with her back turned to the viewer"; the LA Times in 2005 refers to "Renoir''s "Conversation."" 
 Regarding "He was profoundly involved in the day-to-day activities of improving the country - a man of action who repeatedly rejected the label of a philosopher"
 Simply put, Meryn Cadell is currently a man , so the phrase "she currently..." 
 A man who never even touched an let alone seen an elephant is informing others what an elephant looks like. 
 She''s going to do something GREAT, and she is going to RESCUE a man who is trapped with the wrong woman. 
 Stew is a masterful coach, kindhearted and as sensitive a man as I have ever met. 
 give a homeless person a five dollar bill and watch what happens. i did that in sf. a man came up and said excuse me  do you have a smoke? i said sure thing. gave him one
 like I am trying to camoflage myself as a plaid item of furniture  perhaps so I can spy on something taking place in a Man Cave. 
 In this passage, Faulkner tells the audience what happened to a man that disappeared from Emily''s town (and the story) years before. 
 When King Mongkut replies, "Not the equal of a man , the equal of a King," Kralahome is very visibly mouthing his line. 
 the Lord  search the heart and examine the mind  to reward a man according to his conduct, according to what his deeds deserve." 
 I''m a man . 
 Eventually, "God replaced [Saul as King of Israel] with David, a man about whom God said, ''David, son of Jesse, is a man after My own heart, for he will do everything I want him to do.'' 
 Actually the two islands are connected by a man made isthmus called "The Portage." 
 She believes the best way to do this is to destroy something her mother wants- a beautiful wedding to a man she loves. 
 A man bakes chapatis over an open coal fire at a bus-stop restaurant in Siliguri, India. 
 Do you honestly think that a man would have been a tougher opponent than Madeline Rogero? 
 The glory of a man is to pass over a transgression; it is the duty of a reasonable  and therefore certainly of a Christian man
 It''s told through the eyes of a man now old and full of regret and how he met her up there and could have stayed with her but went back to safe living. 
 She has a hilarious monologue about one date she went on with a man she (and her therapist) now refer to as "the burping guy". 
 a man and a woman." 
 A Person Born a Man Who After Surgery Became a Woman, is Suing Malta for the Right to Marry a Man 
 No doubt the idiom reflected the custom, still practiced by some Arabs, of a man ''s throwing a garment over the woman he has decided to take as his wife. 
 There''s good ol'' Leviticus 18 (I even know that one without looking it up) which states that a man should not lie with a man as he does with a woman. 
 I''m slightly tired of "I CAN GET ALONG WITHOUT A MAN " somehow meaning a woman is liberated. 
 It''s not exactly attractive to see Cary Grant play a man who feels sorry for himself. 
 This constancy born of testing well met makes a man teleios in the sense of being fit for the task he was sent into the world to do. 
 Strong Enough for a Man ...? 
 Here is a man who was a entrepreneur as well as a social entreprenuer  and who after selling his business
 she needed to assess the competition – so she signed on to JDate again  this time as a man . 
 No, ON THE MOVE Definitely my most favorite greatest read of Year to Date 2015 A man 
 Zen is the spirit of a man . 
 BODY FOUND AT PORT-GLASGOW: Upon Saturday morning the dead body of a man was found in the river, off Patton''s Quay, Port Glasgow. 
 This is not to scare a woman away from seeking child support, nor a man for that matter. 
 Tom Jackson is truly a man of deep conviction and connection as he profoundly and genuinely connected with our people. 
 When he had been at my House a day or two, I went and told his Miller where his Master was, and in the Evening a Man came  and would have taken him home  but he could not get him away: So the next Evening I went down to Madam F -  and told her
 who taunted what they believed was his English accent  who questioned why a man with such dainty manners and bespoke suits would not confide in them
 Why do you want a man to explain why he beat his wife? 
 5) That A Man in a Papal Costume is the Infallible Representative of God upon earth and to be called, "Holy Father". 
 is yet powerless to resist the evil tendencies  or to blot them out wholly  and too infirm to establish a man 
 "Scott Sparling writes like a man on fire, and Wire to Wire is the wickedly brilliant crime novel forged in the white-hot heat of his talent. 
 I have looked at a man after my own that will pray. 
 A man who dies this year in S Africa is the closest link to humanity''s common female ancestor, mitochondrial Eve. 
 The last line of Spirited Away, "I think I can handle it," is an idiomatic translation of "Today, I am a man ." 
 A man in his natural perfection is fierce  hardy  strong in opinion  covetous of glory  desirous of knowledge
 a man 
 makes me stronger"; "The lie is a condition of life"; "I am not a man , I am dynamite"; "I teach you the Superman. 
 And in the case of a man dying intestate  without being married and having children
 A quick thought "luckily I am a man ", but rather quickly I realised that it was rather similar even for men in men''s toilet. 
 He was a man of simple tastes and excellent health  so although the conditions were somewhat unconventional
 Susan is the author of "Seed Faith, Can a man bribe God  How false teachers manipulate and hypnotize you for offerings" People like Mike Murdock  Paula White
 A man who can take situation into his own hands. 
 a Man 
 Stanhouse attributes this success greatly to one individual: manager Earl Weaver, a man known for being about as quiet as Mount Etna in mid-eruption. 
 About three weeks after the procedure, I had to chase after a man armed with a gun. 
 Also speaking from Hingham, MA was a man who experienced a miraculous cure from cancer in Medjugorje in 2000. 
 He was a man of remarkable zeal and energy. 
 Since the pictures usually make a man 
 Why have you never brought a man in your talons to the nest?'' 
 We all know "Bigfoot," or Sasquatch -- a giant hairy creature that resembles an ape but (maybe) walks like a man . 
 In Italy, a man by the name of Guiseppe Verdi was authoring operas that pulled at the strings of the human heart. 
 I hope to meet on this site a man , who is ready for real actions and distance will not be a barrier to our meeting! 
 The behemoth of a man seemed to swell up in size as he turned a interesting color of beat red. 
 Eventually he did somehow, and with strength not befitting a man of only five feet, he managed to transfer the package from the door step to his kitchen table. 
 Upon delivering Cain, Eve declared that she had gotten a man with (Hebrew - ''eth) the Lord (Hebrew - Yehovah). 
 If a man is passive  immobilized  full of fermented emotion  and refusing to discern his purpose and initiate upon it
 you have a right to judge and right to execute. 8) The Jews replied  We have no right to execute a man upon the cross  and since this man is traitor to Tiberius
 The first clear feeling that he was conscious of was a monstrous shame, as if he had really been a man of social standing and had now become infamous because of a fateful stroke of bad luck. 
 A man with a gun IS the most dangerous game you can meet - and I''m that man. 
 Mr. Bingaman was a man of rare qualifications for a popular leader
 a man can make. 
 In one report a man 
 I am looking for a man who is attentive to his woman and who  after reading my description  think "Wow
 a black suit is not the best choice for a man who needs one suit for rare special occasions. 
 Zell Atterrius was the son of Dr. Gibson Atterrius, a man whose real name was actually Dartameaze Valtiari. 
 In January 1979 they identified a man named Jose Patino as a major player in the organization, and tailed him out to John F. Kennedy International Airport. 
 We both believed that a union between a man and a woman cannot be made holier or more enduring by the official blessings of a functionary or a clergyman. 
 Walter Duddins, he intimated, had to go; a man named John Scheer was to be his successor. 
 A true man of Honour will not content himself with literal discharge of the duties of a man and citizen ; he raises and dignifies them to magnanimity. 
 No matter what your mother told you, don''t avoid a man with red-velvet cupcake in hand. 
 "We saw a man with a rifle," one shop worker said by phone. 
 This is the tale of a man who rescued a girl from her cruel abductors and adopted her. 
 After they all take the bus ride and make it to the penitentiary, a man 
 To give you an example, if we advocate that a man should have only one wife, women might debate that religion allows for four, and that the prophet had more than one wife. 
 Even a man afflicted with great hunger does not wish to eat poison, much less one who is already satisfied with sweetmeats. 143. 
 Having said that, the question that begs to be asked now is: which is better for a man , to shave his head or trim it, i.e. going bald or using a no.2 clipper? 
 A man who could cure the pestilence, and STILL deal with "pests" that hindered the global happiness. 
 In Utah, a man had seven wives and thirty kids. 
 The face of the creature slowly formed from nothing by a ball into the face of a man with slightly elongated features. 
 and with 3 children and 1 one on the way  I had to choose between my children and making sure that we had food on the table or a man who thought I wasn''t blood and his mother father and sister came first. 
 Pagan Love Song " A man from Ohio inherits a coconut plantation and falls in love with a half-American, half-Tahitian beauty. 
 I work like a sale manager of huge bakery factory ) My life is hectic so I find that searching a man here is right choice. 
 No more are these of us, let them then go, I have the list of mine own Faults to know, Look too and cure: He''s not a Man hath none  But like to be  that every day mends one
 Decades before Robert Brown Parker began writing his books about Spenser, a man named Robert Bogardus Parker (1905-1955) penned this extraordinary novel of post-war intrigue. 
 He was in truth a man named Frankie Theils, a member of the Theils magical family. 
 while the Agency thought the gangsters had a man in Cuba with easy access to Castro, what they actually had was a man (Orta) disappointed at having lost access." 
 "You might be a man of few words, ice... 
 I''ve noticed there is still a lot of prejudice in society when the issue is the true friendship between a man and a woman, or between a guy and a g irl. 
 a man even stranger than his name ... We should double Guantanamo! 
 A man 
 He lookeds a older caucasian man and he even ablibed his profile as a man looking for a serious relationship. 
 ''Will rescue many a marriage and restore many a man to a place where purity and passion coexist in biblical relationship.'' 
 Ramuh had taken control of the cult and lead them to worship a man named Atomos, who created a way for humans to be more. 
 If you ? or a man you know ? is serious about getting out of a rut, then visit http://www.conversationsfromthepast.com today. 
 I am not about to throw out words like "annointing", and "vision", and "miraculous", because of a man like George Geftakys. 
 My parents and yours will take good care of him, grooming him into a man ! 
 Then there is the following confirmation regarding a man who claims he found a telephone behind the lighthouse in 2005. 
 Here is a man that has a cause and wants to be respected for it, yet has no problem with calling a woman a dumb "bi#ch". 
 Primerica has helped my father tremendously who is on his way to the "top", a man with only a 9th grade education due to personal issues in life  but has the love
 A man in a mask came into the light and laughed at her, which only fueled the panic and humiliation. 
 The wind and the sun bet on which can force a man to remove a coat. 
 Gaddis, 24, had been flagged down near a nightclub by a man who accused Tamayo of robbing him. 
 A man stood at the entrance of the building, letting people in and out. 
 Yes, I came to see, it is having a purpose with a man that you really like yourself for having, and that he can really like you for! 
 There was once a man , Irish. 
 He was a man on a mission as he had been trying to track down Buff (the Snapchat sensation) for a while now. 
 They are like a man who hears his dog bark in the middle of the night, as a burglar tries to get into his house. 
 But Iyer''s chief task is to show the Dalai Lama as a man who is both committed to his belief in human tolerance and unpredictable possibilities
 Included in Vasari''s Vite, the painter received the commission around 1550-1551 from Monsignor Giovanni della Casa, a man of letters and church official of Florentine origins whose career was spent mostly in Rome. 
 This had come to happen because Dugu Xiao Yi had heard someone say that a man and a woman they could never be separated once they''ve ''cooked rice''. 
 Probably a man or men, but a female gun wasn''t out of the question–I knew of several who worked for the Broker. 
 which were cited by the elderly of the Kwakiutl  when they discussed about it in a feast  for when the ravens are crying  a man whose after-birth has been eaten by ravens is sent. 
 Lucius wanted this man, if it was a man , as an ally, the more meta humans in the society''s ranks the more he had influence over. 
 a man who sexually assaulted her. 
 A man had thrown a brick across the room, as it clattered across the floor. 
 How can a man describe the best and most influential eight years of his life in words
 Out in the Street, Can''t Explain, I''m a Man and a couple others escaped the Much Too Much treatment. 
 A Smile distinguishes a man and makes a person look charming. 
 my Father having bought a farm in this neighborhood as he supposed from a man by the name of Brooks, Paying for it before we left Ohio by turning out property to the amount of four hundred dollars. 
 This made the full bus ride very difficult and this caused Morgan to bump into a man who he conversed with in what little German he knew to say I''m sorry and that he was an American. 
 Elegance coupled with masculinity, strength combined with sensuality - the signature fragrance of a man you wont forget. 
 a man BB :lac: Ta very muchly! 
 We are looking for a man with a van for a house move from Livadia to Dromolaxia. 
 He was working with Alpha, a man he had partnered with before on a few occasions. 
 Montblanc Presence is about the presence of a man in a woman''s life. 
 I don''t need a man and I don''t need Michael to get me nice things." 
 Captain Michael Healy bore the nickname "Hell Roaring Mike " an appropriate moniker for a man with a vicious temperament who disciplined his crew with brutal force, especially when he was drinking. 
 Mel C is back with a new look and a new image, announces Now - and inside pictures her with a man , which is, blimey, a major new image. 
 No one trusts President Bush; he''s an angry self-righteous drunk, a failure of a man who blows with the wind. 
 It is hardly surprising that such a language turn would come from a man who makes a site of active agency for himself by inventing an Agency for which he is a representative. 
 So to say, Tom Daley released video that explains with a man . 
 Here, a man who found a 27-inch rattler on his lawn warns, "They''ll come right up and tap on your foot." 
 certain circles among Weyard''s pirates will somehow learn that Crossbone Isle had been completely plundered by a man named Isaac. 
 Ellis was arrested and accused of killing a man he had never before seen, had no connection to, and no motive for slaying. 
 we have Ensign Garrovick  a convenient reminder of the incident and a man with his own grudge. 
 When the pair meet a man in the desert  who had never heard of the war  Archie is unable explain how it had started
 A man who has already demonstrated just how cruel his sadistic streak can be? 
 The pro-government mass media write that a woman does not have the right to be in bed with a man she is not married to. 
 Obviously it strikes me as strange that a man who stood next to the graves of the victims would keep on trying to deny that they ever existed. 
 Can the description of the taste ever satisfy the appetite of the listener or can the hunger of a man be ever appeased by preaching to him that bread can satisfy the hunger? 
 "Really, Señor Martinez, a young lady oughtn''t to drink like this with a man she hardly knows," Dixie gasped. 
 The Dalhan in Arabian mythology is a demon in the form of a man mounted on an ostrich, believed to inhabit the islands and coasts of the sea. 
 Proverbs:14:12There is a way which seemeth right unto a man , but the end thereof are the ways of death. 
 a man . 
 She told us she would get really REALLY frustrated if she ever met a man who would make her wear a chastity belt. 
 Even before yesterday evening, I had made one acquaintance in the camp, a man from Ufa named Khamit. 
 Therefore, if a man has not violated the rights and liberty of another
 The Organization for Islamic Liberation was another terrorist cell created by a former Muslim Brother, a man named Dr. Saleh Siriyya. 
 Tavistock told me that a man [282] (he did not say who) had been to Lord John  evidently commissioned  though not avowedly
 The premise that a man could live that long and experience so much is interesting but I did not see the point of making a whole film about it. 
 A pack train overtook them, and in it was a man with a map showing a cutoff from this trail. 
 And specs I ought tae wear; But there''s some things I see clearer still  And I canna ask for mair. 5: I ken a man that''s full o fun  He fairly maks ye laugh; Wi jokes aboot his new wheel chair
 a man trying to deal with his fear of a lake. 
 We feel it is a pleasure to work for such a man . 
 This is the real me, not that pompous peacock of a man . 
 As Eli walks along, he is overlooking another road beneath him where a man and woman are also walking. 
 A man , a guitar and sometimes a voice. 
 It is noteworthy that of his 29 HR, 18 of them came with the bases empty (he had six with a man on first as well as the five with runners in scoring position). 
 We feel at home with the God who came to us as a Man like us. 
 Not, ''Prayer became mighty in Shiloh because there was a man who dedicated himself to a prayer ministry'', but in Shiloh a man learned to listen to the Lord. 
 but I would like to say I did not vote for Blair because I was cynical about a man with a public school background becoming leader of the Labour Party. 
 Christ wanted to make real men out of His disciples, as I want my son to become a man some day, a man who understands me, a man with intelligence, a man lifted out of pettiness and smallness. 
 They had outlawed a man who was casting out demons in Jesus'' name for no better reason than that they did not know him
 It might have snared even a man   so neatly and quickly it was slipped on its quarry  before he could thrust it from his straight  muscular  linear body
 He was a man pledged to belong to God, but he made no attempt to shun alien loyalties and other attachments and devotions. 
 It was the size of a laundry basket in which a man could sit to be lowered over a wall. 
 When a man comes on his enemy, does he let him go unmolested? 
 Well, like the saying goes: "Even a man who is pure at heart, and says his prayers at night...." 
 A man wearing a blue shirt and holding a large bag walked toward the post-box, whistling. 
 GB: C''mon Hun, you know I''m a man of peace – even the voices said that. 
 "What a fine figure of a man he is Betty," she said under her breath. 
 But in one of those circumstantial devices that the reader has to roll with, he stumbles across a man who''s just been shot and has $10,000 in his wallet. 
 It reveals a lot about a man ." 
 The Scriptures speak of Abraham as he stands before God, a man justified by faith. 
 So who better to play the sergeant of one of these outfits, then, than Samuel L Jackson, a man who seems to effortlessly possess the characteristics to be both tough and cool
 small in spirit  small in body  in spirit  selfish in spirit  but it is ten-fold a crime  one hundred-fold a crime  for a man in such destiny-determining days as these that confront us to be an unworthy man.... 
 Join a cult led by a man who claims to be Jesus and then hands you an AK-47. 
 Laura''s fear turns to horror when an attack is made on her life by a man who resembles her husband! 
 During the presidential campaign Obama told MTV he believes marriage is "between a man and a woman" and that he is "not in favor of gay marriage." 
 Indeed the entire story of [Slotten''s] love for a man who broke his heart sets us up for many pages of suspense. 
 A man may be hurried by his passions to do the things he hates. 
 "This engaging volume captures the private thoughts of a man who often still feels like an enigma more than a century and a half after his death. 
 It might not compare with the passing of a man   but there''s been word that the Alternative Music Pub  almost universally-known as AMP
 London Ambulance Service paramedics were unable to get to a man who collapsed in an Ealing Low Traffic Neighbourhood (LTN) this Sunday (30 August). 
 A man of such alertness to everything that was going on around him  of such keen interest and so observant
 At times, the camera shakes so quickly it leaves the ghost of a dark part of the image – a man in a suit, say – burned into a lighter part of the frame. 
 "Imagine if there had been a man in his life to encourage him to seek help, so he could rise to his higher self. 
 A Houston court awarded $800,000 to the family of a man who died after being hogtied (restrained with the ankles tied to the handcuffs behind the back
 Morgue worker, Jack Mercury, a man 
 Jesus was a man , but Jesus was also God taking our place. 
 Why does a man wash his car every week when it will run just as well covered with dirt? 
 "his form, disfigured, lost all the likeness of a man , his beauty changed beyond human semblance" - The New English Bible 
 a man 
 A 41-year-old man has been sentenced to jail for violently pushing a man onto the tracks at Hanwell station two minutes before a high speed train passed through the station. 
 He is very articulate and intelligent and surely a man to watch but I do not see he has credentials to be President, not now. 
 Although our Dear Leader said he looked into (ex-KGB man) Vladimir Putin''s heart and saw a man with whom he could do bid''ness (Russia is big on presidential control of the media too)
 Demonstrating that this was not a punishment for forcible rape of a man 
 This is a man who voted against Gulf War I, a man who never met a defence weapons program he liked
 Piero Scaruffi is a man obsessed, and the New York Times wrote a profile of him yesterday. 
 Give love and to be desired (to love and be loved) !! For me, a very important focus between a man and a woman is - is respect for each other  and the absolute truth in the words and deeds
 Catch a man a fish, and he can eat for a day; teach a man to fish, and he can eat for the rest of his life. 
 The bottom line is this: far more life long Democrat voters will vote for a man 
 John David meets a man in a train journey. 
 Regardt van der Bergh  and weaves together the moving journey of a man who, like his potatoes, grows his faith, unseen until the harvest. 
 Whether it''s to provide an outer or inner concept of peace, Vern Redekop is a man people can turn to for answers about fulfillment. 
 Comments: Interested in a man who has leadership personality, hardworking, stable job, not a gambler, drinks socially, cheerful and caring. 
 A man from Northolt has been jailed 38 years after sexually assaulting a teenage boy at knifepoint. 
 taking away the stony heart  enmity towards God slain a new heart is given  no one can change the nature of a man but God can this is by the exceeding power of God. 
 From the outside of the Mount of Jupiter, it denotes the blind enthusiast in affection, a man or woman who places his or her ideal of love so high that neither fault nor failing is seen in the being worshipped. 
 "There is a way that seemeth right unto a man , but the end thereof are the ways of death"- Proverbs 14:12. 
 There is a sizable population that believes that a man has never been landed on the mood
 and against the humiliation of being played for a noddy  which was a dryer swallow for a man who so cherished his own dignity. 
 Our ebullient guide, Abdul, a man who had spent his life escorting people around Syria and was now in his 60s  started to talk about the quarter
 Remember, "What does it profit a man ...." 
 We note that Mr. Putin is a man 
 Thackeray''s "Going to See a Man Hanged" appears in the July 1840 issue of Frazer''s. 
 her inability to protect her own children  her inhibition when she hadn''t a man in her home. 
 I doubt not that whichever way a man may turn to inquire of Nature, he will come upon adjustments which will arouse not merely his wonder, but his gratitude. 
 A man , blond, his smile beautific, his hands outstretched, his white robes flowing in the energy of the light. 
 The trees and tents are covered with it and even the air is so thick with it that a man gets a peck of dirt in one-half day, let alone in a life time. 
 The problem with this skepticism is that they have found over 11,000 of these stones, that''s a lot of work for a man running a farm
 then the doctor and the lawyer are blood relatives.c)If the lawyer is a man  then the doctor is a man . 
 "Anything you need there miss," a man asked. 
 What a man ! he continued. 
 This is the dowry which I have given you all, and which ought to render fruit to Me, the Father; but, if a man barters and sells it to the devil  the devil  if he choose
 feeling secure in the fact that a man 
 inserted by them in their Creed  and ever since the watchword of those who have true faith in the divinity of Christ  A man 
 a man she picked up in a pub, the promiscuous wife and young mother (Michelle Williams) becomes wracked with guilt. 
 He had been dealing not with a man but with a whole people. 
 A man by the name of Timothy Monroe  living at Newark  Canada
 and remains  universal  embracing all races and peoples and crossing all national boundaries: truly a man for all seasons. 
 A teenager admitted wrapping a neck chain around his fist to cause more injury to a man he was assaulting at a fast-food restaurant in Cork city. 
 a man ) may have done the locking-up. 
 But as to Friends, I was as a man buried alive; for though many came far to see me
 - The Genesis Model by Gerry Anne Lenhart Or, as Jon Anderson would put it a year after the release of Islands ... " A man conceived a moment''s answers to the dream Staying the flowers, daily sensing all the themes." 
 Florian Heyerick is a man with a mission: to convince the musical world that Graupner''s music deserves to be part of the standard repertoire. 
 It is said that he particularly detested the life-size image of Varah, the god with the head of a wild boar and the body of a man . 
 To shew that He was a man , He humbly listened to the masters; but to prove that He was God, He divinely answered those who spake. 
 It was set in Dallas Town and there was a motorcade and there was a man, there was a man that a bunch of people thought they knew, when they really didn''t know him at all. 
 She says, "I want to be with a man who sees sex as an intense experience, a unity, and people just don''t now – sex has become completely devalued." 
 Today, Haitians know Clinton as a man who wields immense power over the country''s future. 
 (We start before Sunday to help you to prepare for Sunday,) Jesus does not stop a man unknown to him from healing in his name. 
 For me it confirmed my suspicion that Nigerians had been scammed by a man who had presented himself to them as a poor man. 
 Heraclitus, according to some, is of a different opinion, but a man need not believe all that he says. 
 Fischer was quite simply the most extraordinary phenomenon in the history of the game and a man who single-handedly raised the world profile of the game. 
 I''m A Man 2. 
 Cary Grant plays Henri Rochard, a captain in the French army stationed in post-war Germany, a man 
 Regularly called upon to clean up the mess from various members'' indiscretions, Urquhart is a man 
 Both the boys and the girls dorms over-look a man - made lake. 
 The international press reported that when Negwa appeared in said outfit, a man sitting at a table adjoining the stage jumped to his feet
 I''ve known Gary for many years and he has always been a man of modesty and a man who has deep respect for the elders of Jazz music. 
 (production of a pack of hounds, horse and rider from a cabinet) and "Disappearance of a man from a board held by four assistants". 
 Khotachiwadi literally means Khot''s village and the history is that a man named Khot sold these homes to the East Indian Catholic families. 
 (6) The conclusion that " a man is justified by works
 therefore  attribute the fact that the word "I" too frequently occurs in the text to any want of modesty on my part; a man who has been in prison, with or without trial, for well over four years isn''t likely to overestimate his own importance! 
 The brethren said, "And supposing a man in the world conducteth himself in a wholly perfect manner  and according to what is right
 The old man said, "Dost thou ask concerning meditation, what shall a man have wherewith to put to death the world in his cell? 
 A man is elected to be saved; he is not elected to be lost, except as God chooses to permit him to follow his chosen way. 
 Churchill was a man 
 I was occasionally kicked and told to remain upright, "what kind a man am I sitting there in shit and piss like a boy". 
 A plague hits the city; one day a man is healthy and active but the next morning finds him dead and bloodless, and there is never a witness as to how. 
 It was a function of who he was as a man . 
 a man I like. 
 I feel Max''s sorrow as he loses his family and becomes a man with nothing to lose. 
 The story was inspired by a Greek folk tale in which a girl of a Christian family falls in love with a man . 
 Muhammad ibn Khalaf al-Taymi said, '' A man from Khuza''ah recited to me (the poem): 
 If, however, I desire to learn everything that I can from God''s word, see that Jesus is the measure of a man   and am seeking to discerningly learn from others
 This uniform is built for a man that is 6 foot with no hips. 
 Jeffrey Archer''s Top Three Paths of Glory Pan Macmillan, £7.99, 9780330511667 The story of George Mallory, a man who loved two women, one of whom went on to kill him 
 Mr McDonnell''s near-neighbour and friend is John Randall MP, a man who despite serving as the Conservative''s chief whip is also co-sponsored the Peace Ministry Bill. 
 THERE was still another strong man in England, Vladmir Jabotinsky, a poet, a journalist, and, if you please, a man of eloquent courage which has become almost legendary in his short life time. 
 who was not a man but a god. 
 July 17  2020: "Questions are being raised about Florida''s coronavirus death toll reporting after a man who died in a motorcycle accident was listed in the COVID-19 death count. 
 I put in this book quote, "If a man hunts down a lead, he''s called bold. 
 ("I have found David the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart..." 
 He was nurtured by a man who taught him to carefree in his life. 
" it is nevertheless shocking to read how his detractors managed to get this genius of a man demoted in the wake of a 1975 accident [2] in which an unskilled pilot tore the tail off an CHDB ekranoplan. 
 The new get away with murdering women defense is to claim the rough sex defense where a man 
 not only ministerially but more importantly  as a man of God in purity of motive and in character. 
 Yin and Yang(the constituent elements of the Dao) are more to a man than his parents. 
 A woman is a priest and a man is a bishop because they say they are. 
 There was a man there that was crippled. 
 I have never known a woman or a man who worked harder and more heroically than she, nor have I known anyone who tired less. 
 A film about a man and his journey through an outer landscape towards an inner one. 
 First, I marry a man 
 a man 
 The second video with a man doing a cartwheel. 
 In that story a man who had been born blind was healed and given sight. 
 The other day I was out grabbing lunch, and I smiled at a man at the restaurant. 
 In another village we arrested a man trying to sell baby orangutans to foreign buyers. 
 A man calling himself Lieut. 
 20200 block 68th Avenue West: A man was arrested at the City of Lynnwood Municipal Golf Course for assaulting another man. 
 He was a bear of a man ; his hands seemed more like paws than hands. 
 the severe /namtaru/  the /namtaru/ which does not quit a man . 
 Once, when Harris discoursed near the old Market House, a man of respectable appearance responded to every statement he made by giving him the lie direct
 when Peter Williams was excommunicated  his father chided him with the remark that he had condemned a man who was worthier than himself. 
 As a result, God has the sovereign prerogative to release a man from his crime; Jason has made that clear by way of the parable. 
 For many of them taught that a man should not marry  saying that if one did not marry
 a man leaving her friend behind on her own. 
 I am not looking for a serious relationship at this moment, but I would like to learn how to really make a man pleased. 
 we know almost everything about him as an official; but we know almost nothing about him as a man . 
 But she was the widow of a man from the *tribe of Naphtali (1 Kings 7:14). 
 Our principle is that no circumstances can ever justify a man in holding his fellow man as property. 
 A transvestite appeared from behind it, and also a man who is putting on his cloths. 
 "It does not make sense that a man who purports to want to unify America would stay in such a church for any length of time  much less twenty years
 Wherefore, it''s surer testing of a man In doubtful perils- mark him as he is Amid adversities; for then alone Are the true voices conjured from his breast
 Such a man believes whatever the people he looks up to as being his intellectual superiors and leaders believes
 Fitzgerald writes as a man who orbits aristocracy, always on the cusp of the immensely wealthy, never quite infiltrating. 
 and more  this meticulously researched biography traces the incredible life and times of a true public servant  a man who applied his tenacious will to practical
 ...in order to perform Rite Number Six it is absolutely necessary that a man have full masculine virility... 
 the same Hebrew verb is used by Lot when he says: "See  I have two daughters who have not known a man "–a not uncommon Hebrew biblical way of referring to an unmarried woman. 2. 
 China An Old Man Smoking Pipe  China Dripping Water At Grotto Falls  Montana A Rural Street In China A Man Working On A Field With A Plow Red Chineese Lanterns Hanging From A Tree Children By Straw Huts
 Still, he is but a man , and he must return to mortality in order to continue his reign as emperor of the Opal Throne. 
 The First Date is a quirky little 5 minute horror/comedy short about a man who gets far more than he bargains for whilst on a blind date. 
 And they made a man out of a scared kid." 
 The story was that a man named Hibbs got into a fight with a man named Jeff Stevens and barricaded himself in a store in the little town of Pine Cove. 
 "There was once a man called Voltaire." 
 The highly irritable sense-equipment of a man who is nature''s familiar goes beyond the bounds of the actual senses, and issues in 
 ''Tam O'' Shanter''  which can be accepted as the unofficial National anthem of Scotland  ''To a Mouse''  and '' A Man''s a Man for A'' That'', although many more poems of his are popular in Scotland till date. 
 Yet for a man who has made his career from words  he believes now that the UK is at a "crisis point in culture in relation to books"
 At last a man was arrested close to the senate  armed with a sword
 Here is how Jesus answered that question: "What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world and yet loses his soul?" 
 A man , indeed, who was spiritually enlightened. 
 The show isn''t doing very well and is about to be axed by the network when the producer gets a call from a man in a Bulgarian village asking if the girls will go out and investigate some strange disappearances. 
 Nine months and five days after MÂKĔDÂ bade SOLOMON farewell she brought forth a man child, and in due course she arrived in her own country, where she was received with great joy and delight. 
 But it is in line with the initial framers of Christological orthodoxy who affirmed that the Word of God suffered as a man but not as deity. 
 The 50- and 40-year-old women were walking eastbound on Balmoral around 9:50 p.m. Dec. 3, when a man in his 20s approached them wielding a tire iron and said, "You''re not going anywhere." 
 Andy Fennell, chief marketing officer at Diageo, is a man with a great burden of responsibility. 
 He was a man on a mission, a man with an important goal. 
 Does this take us deep into the psyche of a man pushed to the ''breaking point''? 
 he said  and Ludwig von Mises was right about socialism all along  said a man who had spent the past half century promoting socialism in his teaching, speaking, and writing. 
 as a man who had been in the studio audience asserted in a blog, that Jews bring on their own catastrophes. 
 Only within his own soul can a man find the means to unseal the lips of an initiate. 
 a man is a superb solution to achieve this. 
 They are able with their keen intellects to probe, as it were, into every pore, and to see the inside of a man as only Rontgen rays would show him. 
 One cracker to a man   with no meat  became a luxury
 life-threatening condition; a man of an unknown age in critical  life-threatening condition; a man in his 30s in serious condition; and a woman in her 30s in serious condition. 
 The next two witnesses though paint a less flattering picture, portraying him as either a potato thief or a man who sold human flesh as animal meat to starving soldiers. 
 Assange admitted that a man who was his mother''s boyfriend in the late 1970s had been a member of the cult. 
 Milton the poet is a man of culture  familiar with the best literature of all ages; Bunyan the prose writer is a poor
 He was also a man of unlimited energy  regularly working all day as a builder and then night shifts as a psychiatric nurse
 "With Tom Dumoulin we have someone who is suited to this type of finish and Roy Curvers is a man who has proved to have a good form of late. 
 As for the voice of authority, ''Let not a man quit his belief that a popgun is a popgun
 This is a quick easy read about a man who returns to visit with a college professor for a few weeks before the professor dies. 
 Man that is responsible and hardworking..a man that has love in abundance and is willing to give it out.. a man that needs care and support in Life.. 
 The social outrage rose after the alleged suicide of Camilo Miyaki, a man who was in police custody in the Pedro Aguirre Cerda (PAC) community in Santiago. 
 He asked a man , bursting to tell Socrates some bit of gossip: "Is what you are about to say true – are you certain? 
 Those in Fort Gregg fought until literally crushed by numbers, and scarcely a man survived. 
 So for example, a man 
 It''s not that unusual for a man to place a creepy arm around your waist or worse. 
 As for the effect on a man - well
 A man is recognized not just by his character
 Perhaps you''re a man who grabs life by the cuff. 
 Gaudì conceived his masterpiece as a place where a man could get in touch with God in the middle of a garden. 
 Please tell me im wrong in that this forum does not seem to care about a man who changed the world whether he wants to admit it or not ... please tell me im wrong because it appears as such! 
 unless they went into it on the hypothesis that one southern man could whip five Yankees  as I heard a man say in Texas, about the time of the election of Mr. Lincoln. 
 One of those close to Shackleton later wrote, "Whenever Shackleton notices that a man seems extra cold and shivering, he immediately orders another hot drink served to all." 
 SIL slept with a man , 67 years old. 
 a man who had been living in his car in the facility''s parking lot. 
 and said he was a god  but he preferred to be called ''Sam '' and said he was a man ." 
 It''s like saying "if a man abuses his wife, why doesn''t she just leave?" 
 She''s gotten her own way all these years partly because her adult son is afraid to act like a man instead of a scared little boy. 
 The letter is normally asked for every time a man or woman either applies for work or sends into his application for additional studies. 
 I came in a young man and I left a man , and I owe that to all of those professors and definitely to my coach. 
 For the American major-general and commanderin-chief, Edward Braddock was selected, a man in fortunes desperate, in manners brutal, in temper despotic; obstinate and 
 There is not a man upon the earth that can know the king''s matter. 
 From these texts it may be established that it is definitely invalid for a woman to lead a man or men in prayer. 
 A man got out and walked into the open garage. 
 and where a woman''s strength seems to be measured by how much she can act like a man . 
 " A man 
 On a second story balcony of the building stood a man , holding a flashlight and blinking it on and off. 
 Norton Papers  Colonial Williamsburg  Inc. Richard Henry Lee described Dunmore to the Continental Congress as a man "fond of his bottle": John Adams'' Notes of Debates  October 6  1775  Worthington Chauncey Ford  ed.
 1 Moments That Primarily Sum Up Your How To Kiss a Man Reviews Expertise. 
 rough it  slum it  struggle against terrible odds  win through  and still knows where his towel is is clearly a man to be reckoned with. 
 its no wonder that they''re alright during being able to assistance a man or woman result in the play dwelling incentive present restrictions best. 
 The new film follows the story of a man named Greg who struggles with coming out to his parents as gay before moving in with his boyfriend, Manuel. 
 Three people were injured: Two by gunshots and a man who was stabbed several times, police spokesman officer Gordon Shyy said. 
 Subconsciously, a man with a full head of hair is preferred over a man who is bald when almost all else is equal. 
 those with influence in Albany  provided he could find someone else– a man , as he believed the organization needed to be separate from NAWSA–who would do the organizational work. 
 a man charged with killing his five children. 
 Here''s a man who''s done, finished, had his day, still demanding his side outlast him and play, play, play. 
 Certainly a man of his cunning could foil Garland...couldn''t he? 
 If a female employee had asked to present and dress as a man , Tom would have come to the same conclusion. 
 A man . 
 In April, he posted a graphic video of a man shooting himself in the head while running from police officers. 
 It shows a man who is unfit to hold office as the top law enforcement officer in our state. 
 (One joke Hillary passed on: "Donald defines nontraditional marriage as between a man and a brunette." 
 He''s also accused of killing women in private homes, including the widow of a man he had cared for in his job as an at-home caregiver. 
 We are to believe that cuddly old Ronald Reagan, a man who wouldn''t spell out the word "hell" in his diary, got off a good one against the dirty Reds. 
 the doctor was kind for a man 
 I can''t think of a more fitting way for a man who murdered 150 people from places of hiding without giving them a chance to protest their innocence
 It''s a lonely tale of a man who has made mistakes and refuses to acknowledge them, destined to repeat his errors until he learns his lesson. 
 Imam Malik, Laith bin S''ad and Zufar maintain that separation is effected when both a man and a woman have exercised their li ''an one after the other. 
 a blind person will be exempt from the Prayer duty only in case he does not find a man who can take him along for the Prayer)  or he apprehends a danger to he life and honor
 In fact, "he" was nothing but a steam boiler attached to the front of a buggy and disguised as a man ." 
 In the game of golf there is one only Jack, Mr. Nicklaus, but there is a man with a similar name that is just as famous as the Golden Bear who dabbles in the game. 
 Posted by Chuckmonster on 7 Aug 2015 There is nothing more helpless and irresponsible than a man in the depths of a donut binge. 
 It does not please a woman that a man thinks of her day and night, for she does not think of him all the time. 
 I remember in my earlier childhood that there was a man who used to dance up the hill, talking to imaginary people. 
 It landed pumpkin side down on the grass and a man walking by said he''d take it. 
 The only other use of this name is for a man of Judah, the son of Shephatiah, in Nehemiah 11:4. ^ 
 It''s a place where waterboarding three scumbags means the U.S. is a torturer and a man that has a past full of extremely questionable associations can become our president. 
 Thus, by the laws of Ethelbert, who died in 616, the limitation for the payment of the fine for slaying a man at an open grave was fixed to forty nights, the Saxons reckoning by nights instead of days. 
 22 i And David said, "What is it to me and to you, sons of Zeruiah, that you should be for me today for an adversary? iv Shall a man be put to death today? 
 And he was not a man whose mind slept while his eyes be-held the wonders of nature or of art: he became a wise and a learned
 Jared Kent West Union IA: As a Michigan Man I just wanted to thank you for being acting like a man and staying down to earth and being a "Pros Pro" What are your thoughts on the new MICHIGAN regime. 
 There is another destructive heresy of yours: that God is not a man . 
 So here''s a man in the FIA who is aware that the ''Head Of All The Gays'' is an Indian woman. 
 If a man wander out of his path through ignorance of the country, it is better to set him right again, than to urge him on further.'' 
 This is what I meant in my earlier comment when I asked if it was somehow distasteful for a man to display or admit to hurt feelings. 
 Like in so many previous years, Memorial Day Weekend 2011 ended with loads of controversy after a man was shot dead by police. 
 Robert Nolden asked her if its possible for a man to pee inside a woman during sex. 
 Letting off steam in the desert one night, he runs a man down and decides not to report it. 
 Following one collection from the home of a deceased production designer and artist, a man arrives seeking ''the blackbird''. 
 Pippa Jones died close to a landscape feature known as Dead Woman''s Ditch, the site of a 200-year-old murder by a man called John Walford who was later hanged for his crime, with his body being left to rot on a gibbet as a warning to others. 
 His hero is that classic figure of an ex-cop turned seedy private eye – an Irish roughneck and a man with bad habits, who somehow does good despite himself. 
 Not everyone will find saturation in alcohol amusing, and for a man with resources, Milo does come across as particularly self-indulgent. 
 The clothes may be early Tudor, but the corpse is one of Thurloe''s top agents – a man charged with uncovering the activities of the Fifth Monarchists, an extreme sect dedicated to Cromwell''s overthrow. 
 A: And he slinked around so perfectly and he just embodied a man who''s seen a million faces and rocked them all. 
 Most of all, a man with a delicious ass. 
 There she meets a man , older and a drifter, and falls in love with him. 
 six) sections  depicting the possible states into which a man can be reborn: the realm of gods, titans (if six states are shown), men, animals, ghosts, and demons. 
 There was a man at the back of the chapel who was playing guitar and leading us in song. 
 A unique Intervention is indicated – not merely a man or woman who has attained enlightenment by Spiritual effort  or even a reincarnating Master  but a direct appearance
 industry  intellectual capacity  tenacity of purpose  and  at least as much sympathy as is necessary to make a man understand the feelings of his fellows. 
 and partly for the sheer pleasure of talking back to such a man in a language I associated with English literature and the traditional "feminine arts " I made  inadvertently
 despite there being far more evidence of its being the Church than would be sufficient to send a man to the electric chair without fear of mistake  then one would be thrust back to having to solve  once again
 he may go his way uninjured  followed perhaps  by a curse or two of disappointment; but these negroes prefer to murder a man first, and then to search the dead body. 
 How can a man work in these conditions? 
 when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai  ... there was not left a man of them, save Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun." 
 A man can be coerced by physical means, but a woman . . . and that woman his own sister! 
 I dealt by mail with his intermediary, a man named Toop Zherev." 
 Don''t you see what a black thing that is for a man to do? 
 He is not mixed up in a crowd; he is not just met in a teaching: the thing has come quite straight at him as a man , as an individual - ''Saul, Saul!'' 
 One day I got a visit from a man by the name of Israel (Sroel) Noik. 
 A Man above the firmament, and above the throne the likeness as of a man . 
 Then Simeon, Reuben and Gad were gathered under the standard of Reuben upon which was inscribed the figure of a man . 
 My late mother married a man in 1976 who had recently moved to Virginia from Florida after a nasty divorce. 
 Many years ago a man of 25 requested treatment for homosexual difficulties. 
 The alien was a man in a dark uniform. 
 managing director of shipping firm Macs Maritime Carrier  who said: ''For a man of his wisdom, he was very open about not having the answer to the climate change issue.'' 
 Then the most remarkable face & figure of a man , short, immense mouth, eyes protruding & shaggy hair. 
 A true patriot, a man amongst men. 
 The Lager älteste camp chief capo was a man from Budzin and naturally the people from his town were privileged to have the best working positions outside the camp. 
 Sarah: And Paul Dano plays the prime suspect – a man with a low IQ that lives with his religious aunt, played by Oscar-winner Melissa Leo. 
 What is it to act like a man ? 
 But being a man 
 A man shows leadership – a woman is controlling. 
 When he died in 1963, my hometown newspaper had an editorial cartoon showing the globe, with the face of a man , crying. 
 The Ohio editor also adds this detail to his report: "he marvellously appeared in disguise, in the form of an angel, to a man named Smith, and revealed to him where he would find the sacred treasure. 
 So they went and called out to the city gatekeepers and told them, "We went into the Aramean camp and not a man was therenot a sound of anyoneonly tethered horses and donkeys, and the tents left just as they were." 
 [Werner, 1925: p. 416] also caused his people to believe that a man who killed a Gentile or an apostate Mormon was no more than the instrument of God
 Booth was a man of scholarly attainments, of fine brain and a good, honest heart. 
 say they were bilked of $900 trying to rent a condo at 120 St. Patrick St. from a man who called himself "Robert Reid." 
 One was a man of forty, blackened by long exposure to the desert sun, and of a savage and sanguinary countenance. 
 The reader will see that the good old rule–" a man is to be held innocent until proved to be guilty"–does not hold good on the slave plantation. 
 Not in this storm, surely; the wind would sweep a man from the exposed roof like a dry leaf. 
 to make known to the world the benign purpose that thenceforth it should not be a sin for a man to marry the divorced wife of an adopted son! 
 About this time, James Warner became closely associated with a man named William Morrison (now owner of Angriff Press) who had a long police record as a child molester and homosexual. 
 (Al Imran, 28-29) A man who thinks wherever and however he is
 It is unsurprising that a man as widely travelled as Levi has such humanist beliefs, nor that he has a few amusing anecdotes to add to the mix either. 
 A man 
 a man to be a heavenly tree  growing with his root  which is his head  upward; and  as George Chapman  following him  writes
 When a man produces tears at a wedding or a funeral, we should not describe him as "crying". 
 I though I had a grunch once  but the eggplant over there  I saw a man astride a pony with a roman nose, A rose a rose is just a rose, my kingdom for a rose. 
 With that kind of advice it is hardly surprising that magistrates fined a man who struck matches in the street to try to find his false teeth
 It is a solitary man, a man very damaged physicially and psychically by war  who respects animals as themselves
 More than two weeks after a house in Bethesda, Maryland, caught fire and a man was found dead inside
 "There''s a man here," she gasped after she''d made enough noise to awaken people in Oklahoma City a hundred miles to the north. 
 I pray you instantly, as my husband needs my assistance as also that of a man to wait upon him
 the defense of a person accused on substantial evidence of disloyalty should be made by appointed counsel  a man 
 Field was quickly summoned to Paris, where he met with a Russian whom he later described as " a man with the Lenin order". 
 He drew sustenance from the memories of his dialogues with poet, philosopher and ascetic Srimad Rajchandra, a man who came closest to being a guru to Gandhi. 
 She was, much to her dismay, the instrument of this temple''s leader; a man who had the gall to call himself, "Smoke Jaguar." 
 The abortionist goes free after murdering an unborn child but a man who kills his dog in an inhumane manner receives punishment! 
 Throughout the film the audience is constantly left in nail –biting suspense as the story focuses on a man who is literally on a ledge. 
 In response to what I had written about the healing of and interaction with a man from Munds Park  Arizona  Greg wrote
 that He can be approached only through certain religious ordinances; that is, a man must profess religion, pray in a formal way, and attend church in order to know God. 
 a man of his moral dignity, nor harm his soul. 
 ( A man told me well-kept teeth and nails were a sign of class. 
 So a man called Rich may become successful and wealthy
 Christine Longaker, author of FACING DEATH AND FINDING HOPE (Doubleday, New York City, 1997, page 188) tells about a man who "died" at the accident scene  left his body
 When Isaiah, one of the most righteous men, saw the Glory of God, the first thing he said was "Oh i am a man of unclean lips" He saw his sin.. 
 HOW TO SHOWER LIKE A MAN 1. 
 For just about any friend of his would feel a closeness, emanating from the sheer good humour of a man whose astonishing erudition was of a rare, inclusive kind. 
 I attempted to explain that how religious a man was didn''t make a lick of difference to me
 except for a mild kind of proposal of marriage  the action of the man with £12 000 a year seemed more the act of a man of weak intellect than a Don Juan out to do his "worst." 
 the narrative crux of the film finds Pitt traveling south of the border to pick up an allegedly cursed firearm for a man named Arnold Margolese, an incarcerated mob boss Pitt is indebted to. 
 Once again Leonardo began searching for a man . 
 Sheri''s mother has since told us Sheri has met a man who lives near her grandmothers in Brisbane. 
 If you are a man 
 This film is an enlightening, if predictably embellished, look at a man misjudged by so many that manages to be affirming, entertaining, and immensely watchable. 
 One image that I loved looking at again and again was a picture of a man walking into the wind. 
 Song Seon-ho''s replacement is Jung Gap-seok, a man so well known he doesn''t even have a picture on his Naver search profile (to put that into context
 A man dressed up as fireman seems to be able to control this fire. 
 Geez, for being such a man eater, Kristen sure is getting attached to Justin quickly. 
 A Man amassed a lot of wealth and owned many houses and much landed property. 
 Leviticus 20:13 is similar: "If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. 
 30:3 If a man 
 He said Jarvis was not a man to hide his true feelings or attitude and had an unfortunate history with police
 Unlike with polygamy gay marriage does not deprive anyone of a marriage partner whereas when a man marries 10 or 20 women it creates a shortage of marriage partners. 
 The steps stopped in front of him and a man said, "My son, the hooting of the Owl was myself. 
 Yet, it was amusing to hear Gail Porter''s remembrance of having to ask a man in the newsagent''s to pick up a copy of For Women from the "top shelf". 
 Seongnam struggle and ultimately fail to get themselves back into the game, getting a man sent off in the closing stages  meaning we move five points clear of the relegation zone
 Join for free Sex in the city A man 
 Reginald would describe himself as a man going out on a limb  imperilling mind and soul to overcome ignorance
 He had to possess strength enough to be convincing as her equal, while also presenting Darden as a man 
 A man 
 All in all a wonderful morning with a man who knows his stuff and has an enthusiasm which is infectious
 The lull allows ITV1 to cut to its first interview of the night, which coincidentally is also with Liam Fox – a man so pleased with the tone he is adopting during this encounter (one of humility)
 There, a man 
 I met a man in a bar and told him that my whole life I''d been running from myself and that it''s only left me fragmented. 
 They last met in the Community Shield in august and City won 3-2 after Chelsea had a man sent off. 
 I want to find a man with whom my life will sparkle with new colors. 
 It''s 1991, and Charlie Jordan has caught a ride with a man who might be a serial killer. 
 The car must be designed on an Amstrad and put together by a man in a brown store-coat. 
 Does constant pressure, stress, sorrow ... make a man or woman look older? 
 this should not be the case after over eight years as Prime Minister  and the second draft looks worryingly final for a man intent on achieving historical greatness. 
 but he''s still a man without a legitimate defensive position. 
 No one begrudges a man the chance to earn a living. 
 He needs to find out if Ray is a blind man, a man with one good eye, or a man with two good eyes. 
 Here was a man who had seen his Liverpool side torment their arch rivals, but still ended up with naught points. 
 or look like a goddess  or even know a thousand styles in bed  a man always knows to whom his heart belongs. 
 When even a man 
 Dikes, who has the school''s career record for total minutes played for a man or woman, credited the defeat to BYU in last year''s league title game as the tipping point. 
 While Infinite Ground appears to fall into that trap of being yet another book about a man   a troubled man  a widowed man  an investigator man  it''s perfectly aware of its tired platform and structure
 Furthermore, God can help a man overcome such sin! 
 The Sheikh was a man of courage and enthusiasm. 
 A man found at the complex was pronounced dead at the scene. 
 The Osun State Police command has arrested a man identified as Melue after they Uncovered his ritual den in in Elewonta village in Iwo, Osun State. 
 A man 
 Saudi Arabia says it executed and crucified a man from Myanmar convicted of killing a woman and carrying out other crimes. 
 Angling cures a man of intemperate desires  uncontrollable appetites  and restless craving–the "turbulent  repining
 Diana Cooke  coming of age just after World War I  sacrifices everything  including love  to become the wife of a man she cannot abide, until fate interv... 
 Not a man of God, but the man of God! 
 During the election campaign, he consistently positioned himself as a man 
 Yet, he was also fiercely loyal, and a man who had a big heart with those who did get close, and got to know him. 
 but the latest video shows a man from the village of Tel Temit declaring that Muhammad is God''s prophet. 
 Javier Mendez claims that Khabib Nurmagomedov is a man of his word and would not change his mind about leaving the sport. 
 He abducted a man returning a videotape at gunpoint and shot him in the head, according to TDCJ. 
 A man identified on social media with handle @Odogwu_Nwobodo has sent s message to Controversial actor
 I''m perfectly happy to stand here and say I don''t particularly care much for the Hanafi rules that seem to make it easy for a man to divorce because he doesn''t like the flavor of his wife''s hummus
 A man 
 RIGBY – An Idaho Falls man is expected to plead guilty Tuesday to killing a man in Jefferson County last year. 
 Pope John Paul II was a man who fought oppression wherever and whenever he saw it. 
 When They Say Birth Control, They Mean Birth Control The state of Virginia makes a man wait 30 days to have a vasectomy...by state law! 
 that caused the overvaluing of diamonds  and led people to believe buying one was an obligatory show of love from a man to a woman. 
 His one good eye was bright and his entire face lit with the rapture of a man who is about to meet his maker. 
 Posted: 4th March 2016 POLICE have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to about a shoplifting incident in Martock. 
 The Manchester Evening News has covered an inquest of a man (Paul Hardy) who died from sepsis ten hours after attending his GP surgery. 
 How many links must a man click on? 
 A man was jailed for 70 days for burning a copy of the koran in April last year
 As a man , Christ kept the Law, and as a man He had the right to human life; it was Adam''s rights that He laid down. 
 A man is shopping for a Christmas gift for the wife who has everything  and just as he''s leaving the mall
 He is hired by a man who wants his partner killed. 
 Life was peaceful until the Chinese invasion turned the young boy into a man , forcing him to flee a decade later when he feared that the Chinese would imprison him. 
 It is no small thing for a man to be called "Satan" by the One whom he has just identified as "the Son of the living God." 
 It is a wonderful dream but it took me back to a conversation with F C Kohli, chairman of Tata Consultancy Services, and a man who could truly be called the doyen of the Indian software Industry. 
 each one providing a great showcase for Turner  a man whose voice sounded pretty much as good as it did back in 1981. 
 A man stole $100 from the "El Stop" spirit shop in Damen Student Center. 
 "She''s My 11" and "Red Camaro," along with "Little Bit of Everything," paint a picture of a man who is madly in love with his wife and provide a glimpse into Urban''s very private life. 
 He reminded me of Tony Soprano (minus the pinky ring and thick Jersey accent), but a man with a hefty build and an intimidating presence. 
 Unless a man fears God, he will not fear anybody in the world. 
 How many are there who think that there is a real West and a real East, and that a man in the United States, for instance is in this West not merely relatively to Europe, but absolutely. 
 According to the ideas of some good, well-meaning people, when a man dies there is something that escapes and goes winging its flight around through space  and  according to this theory
 our Lord Jesus  who left his former glory and took our human nature  and then  as a man , freely gave himself as our ransom or corresponding price. 
 Current theology says that our redemption is secured by the sacrifice of a God, not a man ; but the Scriptures are very explicit in pointing out an exact equivalent
 Thus the Scriptures declare, As by a man comes death  by a man also comes the resurrection of the dead; for as all in Adam die
 except that it exists  constitute him a man rich beyond the dreams of avarice  and  moreover  a man who has not to guard his property, and who can realize it – which the rich man of old could not do – in half an hour. 
 There is nothing on earth that looks good that is so dangerous for a man or nation to handle as quick, easy, big money. 
 "Let it be recorded," God informed Moses, "that if a man dies who has no sons, his property shall pass on to his daughters. 
 The Democratic Party was founded explicitly as a slavery party by a man who traded slaves (and exterminated native America Indians) for a living. 
 Maud pulled the train-wreck of a man out the church. 
 I really enjoyed his performance of the doctor, a man whose actions overtake him and threaten to bring everything he''s worked for crashing down. 
 Casting THINK LIKE A MAN 
 Early in this novel, Paul recognizes a man brought into the morgue as a teenager believed to have been murdered 20 years earlier in the woods at camp. 
 Such as buying and using condoms even if you''re a man and you hate them. 
 Place des Fêtes - Written and directed by Oliver Schmitz A man is lying, obviously in pain, in the Place des Fêtes and a woman attends to him. 
 The least our town can do in honor of Mr. Lovell -- a man who did so much for our town, is to give his name to some important street or road which may be built at some future time. 
 Sheikh Syed Mahmud Allusi in his commentary Ruhul Ma''ani gives four reasons that a man may beat his wife: "if she refuses to beautify herself for him " if she refuses sex when he asks for it
 When we consider Christ''s statement that unless a man loves Him more than "father  and mother  and wife  and children  and brethren  and sisters  yea  and his own life also
 I read her book!, and there''s no greater love a man can show for a woman he''s never met, except that hers was a good book worth reading anyway. 
 Cantona does do interviews and when he''s around, he''s a man of the people, but I suppose that''s the point. 
 A man who put his neck on the line for his county is "someone of his ilk"? 
 Now and regarding the white haired old man that ...that was hung from the highest place in the church ...this was a man 
 For a man who''s endured two larger than life  New York Big Apple-sized  tabloid-publicized  more than messy divorces
 Some are modest, some impertinent; and the first class desire to know a man ''s good for the sake of friendship. 
 He was a man of powerful build  but in consequence of disease which affected one of his legs  when he was about ten years of age
 Hendershot meanwhile sounds like a man channelling an old blues dropout jamming with The Dead Exs. 
 Or a man who complains that it is too "stressful" to wipe his rear end after a bowel movement? 
 Anyway, the first thing about this song that I love is that it is in fact sung by a man . 
 He''s a man full of stories. 
 "You weren''t much a man to me, but you''re the only one I ever had." 
 What do you do when a man (or another kid) on the train kicks you? 
 Think Like a Man )  Vaneetha (MINDY KALING of No Strings Attached  TV''s The Office) and Ming (RANDALL PARK of Larry Crowne
 a man   nor did the generation of Abel make him at all different from man''s nature  but both the one and the other were men
 Perhaps I am as culturally ignorant as CMON, with them accidentally naming one of the Kickstarter Oni after a man from New Zealand, but the components ooze Japanese style. 
 If it was biological than any guy could pay for a date (or buy drinks at a bar) and been seen in the same way a man sees a hot woman. 
 A good example of a man with hinterlands. 
 And I never understood a man who would lie about that. 
 She begins in a remote village with the story of a man 
 A man named William T. Marineau from Elk River bid on some Psychiana print jobs
 A man "without guile" has transferred to his eternal home. 
 rejections occur at most $ n-1 $ times  whereas the only time a rejection does not occur is the first time a man proposed to that particular woman, which happens once per woman. 
 A full five and a half minutes of a man who can''t play the violin
 Lower down, above the side of the road cut out of the hillside, there is a vertical yellow clay wall, as tall as a man 
 Luther Drake, a man obsessed by his beautiful neighbour Tina. 
 The film is about a man called Leo, described as a brutish forty year old, who hasn''t spoken since a childhood accident. 
 UNTIL THEY BELIEVE, and certainly a believing servant is better than a man who associates with Allah, even though he should please you; AND THESE 
 The guests to a man , however, interceded for the chef. 
 He was not womanish in appearance, but rather had short hair like a man . 
 As beauty thus does not belong to a flower, a tree, a landscape, a bird, a man   merely as a sensible object  but to them as products of an arranging  vitalizing
 a man being involved. 
 "Jes cain''t be helped Millie, some things a man gotta do. 
 are capable of such miracles as retrieving books from the library and reading them at night.) Out of the blue  a man who once worked with Woody''s father and briefly dated Megan, Woody''s mother, propositions and then threatens her. 
 his pockets full of papers  wild and irregular  but I knew him to be a man of vehement purpose and of determined action. 
 Perhaps the last great movie he ever did, Aenigma is still the work of a man fully in command of his craft. 
 characterizing female scholars as incapable of intellectual progress except under the tutelage of a man ? 
 In the same way Sean saw it coming, he recognised it as the murderous rage which before had nearly killed a man , but still he could not prepare himself. 
 Our chair is a man , but the other two executive positions are held by myself and another woman. 
 The earth gave life to a man ; gave him his food, language and intelligence; and the earth took him back when he died. 
 In the 1970s, Burt Reynolds was a man who needed no introduction–the mustachioed macho star of Deliverance  The Longest Yard  Smokey and the Bandit
 EARLIER: Police are currently searching a property at Gerogery over the suspected homicide of a man who has been missing for almost 10 years. 
 A speculative philosophy will prove a shadowy thing in the time of calamity; a man must have the inward Wisdom which puts an end to grief. 
 Every characteristic of a man is written on his face; is shown by his bearing and his gait. 
 a man battling cancer. 
 Lester identifies her as June Meyer in the introduction, then reads one of her early poems: "He''s a man on the roof, on the run, with a gun, he''s a man . . . " 
 We admit this case is one of great importance, inasmuch as it has been held up as an example to others of a man who sacrificed his own life to promote the interests of his country. 
 but if immortal  the greatest advantage; a benefit ceases to be one when it becomes troublesome  and then surely a man ought to be allowed to resign it; a voluntary death is often the only method of avoiding the greatest crime; and finally
 a man and it doesn''t mean to be white," Prince said. 
 A man with 36 previous conviction who was found driving in Naas was prosecuted at the local District Court. 
 And then, along comes a man or a woman who thinks  sees an inward vision  departs from custom  manner  and convention  and is first persecuted
 Imagine a man who sells you a busted car and then demands you only drive it on Homecoming nights. 
 But how few such woman know the wise, middle course, to walk with such a man . 
 a man breathing sighs / with two fingers rubbing a cross between his eyes / a cowboy sings beneath a one way sign
 Her father committed a crime by giving her away to a man before she attained understanding age, placing on her neck the heavy yoke of corrupt marriage. 
 He was a man out of the past. 
 A man in Virginia came forward and accused McCarrick of sexually abusing him as a boy. 
 For a man who is in charge of protecting the states and constantly facing threats for the duration of his presidency? 
 When a man has this inner light he passes from death unto life. 
 a man worthy of our trust, a man capable of deep intimacy." 
 Do not expect the rule of law to flow from a man who waffles on waterboarding. 
 Because Ali is Stéphanie''s polar opposite, a man completely devoid of pretension. 
 With this failure in tow, Study for a Man with Disease cunningly approaches the pleasure of incompletion from a new tack. 
 Of course, I think Otto is all that is right in a man person, so I MIGHT be a bit biased. 
 a man and his identity as a leader, a threat profound enough to drive him" to the dueling field. 
 Unfortunately, director Clint Eastwood decides to drop that in the final scenes and glorifies a man who walked a much more morally gray line than the film suggests. 
 I honestly believe that I found a man like Donald and have a marriage like ours in large part because my father was always a good man and good father. 
 Say a man was denigrating the religious to an academic he met with. 
 If a man wants you to be attracted to him, he is welcome to get circumcised. 
 Fussell was a man with an attitude who thought he was above ordinary pleasantries. 
 she had all the ease and good manners of a man  the restrained gestures  the virile poise of a man . 
 Old Spice makes you feel like a man 
 The weather''s NOT being blamed in the death of a man who was hit by a car about five-45 A-M on North Las Vegas Boulevard south of Hollywood Boulevard. 
 Maryam Hatoon Molkara, who was formerly a man known as Fereydoon, was an early campaigner for the rights of transsexuals in Iran. 
 He adds they are extremely intelligent and "incredible strong and they can tear a man apart like a French Cruller Donut in no time and eat him just as fast". 
 As he prepares his mammoth piece on the disintegration of the storied Tribune Company under a wave of mismanagement, a man as smart as Carr must see something of his own future. 
 Christine doesn''t want just a man ; she wants a family complete with sister wives. 
 A man claimed by Ruto''s defense as a witness was apparently murdered in late December 2014 or early January 2015. 
 I''m glad I could be a man of my word." 
 It used to please Christians to call the Jews "dogs," and to injure and murder them in every way–and to this day to call a man "Jew" is only less offensive than to call him "niXXer." 
 Nothing like a man with a nose for the football. 
 The part that''s frustrating is, afterwards, a simple apology like be a man , come up to somebody and say, ''Hey, my bad.'' 
 In 14th-century Italy, a man would serve forty days'' penance for performing vaginal intercourse with his wife from behind
 Tawanda Jones, the sister of Tyrone West, a man killed in police custody in July 2013
 To prove himself as a man and for his tribe his son wanted this. 
 the prophesied Messiah and not just a prophet  the majority of Judah sought to blame everyone else including a man 
 Police say a man got change from the cashier about 2 a.m. Wednesday, then pulled out a handgun demanded the money. 
 Heather discovers her daughter''s strange friendship with some troubled teens at a youth center run by a man named Bridger. 
 Little girls believe in a man in the moon; young ladies in a man in the honey-moon. 
 and the ever-present question of what it means (because this is what always kills me) that a man 
 Oh, and, as I''ve been a bit of an ''arm chair gardener'' of late, I was heartened to see on ABC''s Gardening Australia, a man who had a huge expanse of lawn and makes use of a classic motorless push mower to cut it: this is his way of keeping fit! 
 This is a man who has infested his brain and system with a lot of smoke that he can hardly think like a normal human being. 
 Colombia played most of the game a man down as Carlos Sanchez was sent off in the third minute for handling the ball. 
 "I saw that the President was not a mere joker, but a man of deep convictions, of abiding faith in justice, truth, and Providence. 
 Paroled murderer arrested on drug charges Schenectady police arrested a man who was on parole for a 1990 North Carolina murder, after they found him in possession of heroin and crack. 
 In one case, the commission says a man served 268 days in jail after being sentenced by Abramson without counsel and without a hearing. 
 Said Albany County judge Thomas Breslin to a man 
 The arrest of a man in Lincoln yesterday over malicious ''Punish a Muslim Day'' letters was not in response to any immediate threat
 The documents say that a friend of Justin-Jinich''s reported to the police that she had tried to avoid contact from a man she had met at New York University (NYU) by changing her e-mail address. 
 I am sure that many a man has done some "Serious" praying in that chapel. 
 a man of the community. 
 [26] Professor of mathematics, Richard Weinacht, a man I admired for his ability and integrity 
 which is here quoted in full: "After the Watcher and the Turnkey have greeted a man , the Annunaki, the Great Gods, assemble; Mammi, the one who fixes the fate, decides the fates with them. 
 Why weren''t police and children''s services not going after a man who had raped a child in the eyes of the law? 
 A spatter of moisture bloomed on his face, and he experienced the deep pleasure of a man who realizes that it''s going to rain and he isn''t going to have to spend the night out in it. 
 And for the most part it didn''t seem to matter whether someone was a man or a woman  in terms of their jobs  roles  personality traits  etc. Strangely enough
 When the two left, Wheeler said a man , who he did not recognize, approached him – videotaping the mayor and accusing him of dining without wearing a mask. 
 The motif of a string, red and threaded through a needle, literally stitched photographed images of a man and woman into three-dimensional transitions. 
 A man 
 Fitting for a man whose friends said he wanted to be black, and American. 
 So, we perhaps have a man in some way associated with SVM''s Sheila Tabarsi who may have a separate, Kenneth Leaming-like problem. 
 One example is last year there was a big story about a man who found a multi-acre field completely covered in a huge spider web. 
 Some women do not feel driven to find a man to rescue them  take care of them
 It is slow on purpose: it wants to make you think about what is happening on the screen: A man has lost his wife and after being sent to space  thinks she is being returned to him in the form of a real person
 He is not called Adam yet, neither is he called a man (''yish) because before the woman was created
 Every morning, without fail, he told us, a man came from the nearest village and walked along the trenches selling the Daily Mail. 
 And how about Matthew 10: 35-37: "For I have come to turn a man against his father  a daughter against her mother
 and how fine would be the distinction between giving a man luncheon in the servants'' hall and allowing a publican to supply it! 
 He is, therefore, called God with us, or united to us; which cannot apply to a man who is not God. 
 I will make a man more precious than fine gold; even a man than the golden wedge of Ophir. 12. 
zou "Be manly, or act like a man ." 
 that I execute just punishments and according to the law  and that I am not like a man in anger  who takes vengeance on his enemies and does so precipitantly and rashly: I will shew " he says
 we may perceive that  by censuring his whole tribe in the person of Levi  he acted not as a man , but as an angel speaking under the impulse of the Holy Spirit, and free from all carnal affection. 
 Safety: a man brings a small child ashore on Lesbos, Greece, on 2 August 2015, after arriving from Turkey 
 He is clearly a man of parts–a learned, quick, combative wit who''s interested in everything and most especially music. 
 A man strode in  one hand pushing the door back
 "On a Loved One Going To The War" " A Man of Plastic" "Hercules  Dow
 " A man 
 A man with BPH has to urinate more often  especially at night  and experiences less force and caliber while urinating
 So when she''s sent to track down Quinton Valtrez, a man long suspected of being a coldhearted assassin, the truth is even more shocking than she expected. 
 Celeste''s mother has re-married to a man who can pass as white and moved from Detroit to New Mexico. 
 Mom has hooked up with a man 
 I met a man who''d had a stroke since arriving in Bangladesh. 
 In some cases, they may experience a total reversal of a bodily malfunction as in the case of the first story, in which a man took care of a wounded eagle, unable to fly and nursed it to wellness. 
 A man pushes his bicycle across a wooden bridge over a canal dried up during ongoing drought, in Madagascar, on Saturday 
 In a post-apocalyptic world, where magic has replaced technology, an oath-bound healer must aid a man whose father is responsible for the destruction of her family. 
 He says, "for this reason a man will leave his father and mother and will be united to his wife and they will become one flesh." 
 Early Monday morning a man 
 Going to church brought no peace to a man Tasered by police as he stood in the nude in 27-degree weather. 
 little did he know that bullet came from the sky and killed a man . 
 In fact, the odds that a man is texting a woman at this very moment from the porcelain confessional are overwhelming. 
 Well before this a man would notice not only the weakening stream, but also more frequent visits to the bathroom, day and night. 
 It makes sense, then, that Jehu would approach a man who appears to be their leader for help as he turns his attentions to wiping out the worship of Baal in Israel. 
 Also we notice that there is a man on the spot in Malawi pushing things forward named Richard (Dick) Stephens at EMAIL. 
 In general, the claims you see are made for rare maladies, of late onset (so a man has time to decide for himself whether circumcision would be of value to him)
 Plimpton was a man 
 A man of Bihar origin has been arrested on the charges of sexually harassing a two year old child. 
 When Jesus rises from the dead, He will obviously be shown to be not merely a man , but God in the flesh. 
 At the time, historic houses were proliferating in honor of military heroes, and Amelia felt the need for a memorial to a man of peace. 
 EARLIER THIS MONTH, police in Long Beach, Calif., gunned down–on live television– a man who had led them on a high-speed 40-minute car chase which concluded with the driver stumbling out of his car
 Yet, in this forgotten place of Africa, a man has dedicated his life to create a better future for hundreds of poor children. 
 Yet Herbert was a man of an earlier century and really another era. 
 and even among carnival disguises and festivals  disorients a man and alienates him from the spirit of devout prayer  spiritual struggle
 of course – the former first overall draft pick recently finished a prison term for severely injuring a man in a DUI. 
 In September Hickok was involved in a gunfight with a man named Samuel Strawhun, a well known thug. 
 A man who has experientially felt that this is so is already more like an angel than a man. 
 Yet even among the crunchy guitars and bass, Turner draws our attention to a man trapped in middle management. 
 Silently, carefully, the slim figure of a man crept through the corridors and stairways of the castle, always staying near to the walls, though never touching them. 
 Do you think a woman is inferior because a man raped her? 
 a man , a woman, and this beautiful, young, naked boy. 
 or the entering by a man of his wife in her rear, and the Prohet answered: ''Halaal (ie. permissible).'' 
 ''Never Met A Man 
 The first book centres on a man who begins to develop the cruel characteristics of his donor following a heart transplant
 directed by Mythic Journeys ''04 guest John Gentile and Hylan Scott) which tells the story of Captain Ahab  a man obsessed with the elusive great white whale, Moby-Dick. 
 I overheard a testimony of a man who had turned away from sorcery, who was in a high position among witches. 
 Almost a man   but still a boy  he grew dizzy with the exertion and tried to float  gasping
 In The Misunderstanding, a man returns home to Europe to be reunited with his mother and sister following a 20-year absence. 
 a man that Scooby saved but has recently passed away to collect a portion of an inheritance – but there''s a catch. 
 there are no normative standards regarding how much of each activity a man is to do. 
 A red sphere appears in the sky over the moon and a man dies trying to access the main computer. 
 i loved a woman for no reason i ignored a man for no reason i obeyed a man 
 The Symphony No. 19, The Bright May, is music of a man who more than simply survived and who did not return empty-handed from the hell through which he lived. 
 Due to his size and strength he was bought by Lentulus Batiatus, a man who owned a ludus, a gladiator school, near Capua. 
 The confirmation hearing for Senator Jeff Sessions, a man who successfully broke the KKK in Alabama and ensured that a KKK murderer received a death sentence 
 King Amaziah of Judah was such a man . 
 Not really, for it is difficult to explain how come Taylor, a man of no previous economic standing, a loafer, is now worth $2.8 billion, according to the London Times. 
 [And, behold, they brought to him a man Matt 9:2 / bringing one Mark 2:3 / And, behold, men brought...a man Luke 5:18] 
 "Lady," says a man stepping out of the little crowd around them, and Ysabel shakes her head. 
 a man will be judged not by his name or his position but because he renders service to humanity. 
 You need to be visually more experimental to start lighting-up on her radar screen as a man of interest and mystery. 
 If a man truly believes he will seek to prove those beliefs so they will never believe in vain. 
 revealing the trials and conflicts that lead to the burden of destiny he must assume as a man , the last Gunslinger from a world that has moved on. 
 A man who can kill with merely a touch is a formidable weapon indeed and it is this that the episode revolves around. 
 The woman who owns the business describes him to be approximately 5''11" with a wiry build, a man appearing to be in his seventies, but very energetic in nature. 
 Both a great coaching manual and a series of mini biographies of a man who was undefeated World Champion for a quarter of a century. 
 Is this the America of today, where the a man 
 Since it was lonely it wanted a companion so it split into two, a man and a woman. 
 It is much rarer to find a man who is both a great musician and a great human being. 
 Amos was a man who thought he''s experienced all that life had to offer  when with a capricious turn of fate
 RUHLE: But a man ''s got to do what a man''s got to do? 
 At first I thought Mr. Clifton was pulling my chain: After all, this was the colorful "Big Al"- a man who liked a good laugh. 
 Here was a man who truly understood the power of a central bank committed to stable monetary policy. 
 They don''t accept virgin birth, God becoming a man or the narrations of the Bible about miracles and prophecies. 
 By a vote of , the state Senate passed AB 849, which replaces the phrase " a man and a woman" in California marriage laws with the term "two persons." 
 to his eventual preeminence as one of the world''s most powerful media figures  a man so powerful that his reach extends to almost every corner of the globe and into every genre of media. 
 Today, he is widely regarded as one of the leading Christian voices in the US and a man with a unique understanding of the place of the church in mainstream society. 
 Its answer to the great fundamental question: "If a man dies, shall he live again?" 
 In my senior year, I attended a lecture by B.F. Skinner, the leading exponent of behaviorism and a man I greatly respected. 
 This is a man who makes up for his arms dealer days by fighting evil with well-armed super suit. well, he was in the comics. 
 A man , a stranger to her, flung himself onto the solid ground and reached out his hand over the murky bog. 
 But apparently, he is also a man of wisdom. 
 a man . 
 The second story is called Big Driver and is a very nasty story about Tess who get attacked by a man who beats her, rape her and then leave her for dead. 
 He is a man 
 Just then Ray and Rachel are called by a man who owns a nearby house. 
 Sci-fi story about a man whose spaceship lands on a habitable and inhabited alien planet but who has no way to return
 a man as brutal as he is honorable. 
 Reyes, 48, a man of medium height with a soft voice
 Jesus lusts, he wants, he hates, he regrets, he is a man like anyone else, and when he is asked by God to become a martyr, to become the messiah, he refuses. 
 Until they meet me, everyone assumes I''m a man 
 an actual reminder of God''s love for us  that it is intended only between a man and woman united in lifelong, life-giving, faithful marriage. 
 She found two, one was a man she had known as a pup  he was once the Delta of Carus  though he was no wolf  at least  not by normal standards
 I am clean cut,fit, honest and a man of integrity..degreed..easily transferable... 
 How can a man so religious and a devout Baptist flaunt basic Christian principles by leading the charge to polygamy
 a man , while the rest of him was a horse" (Paré 1982, p. 6). 
 Jack said that a man by the name of Mack Emerman had just built this studio and had put everything that he owned into it. 
 Pope Francis told reporters during an airborne papal press conference that, "For me, Romero is a man of God." 
 A Man Called Smart Parts 1, 2, 3: A water evaporation formula is stolen by KAOS and CONTROL is tasked with recovering it. 
 Virgynia Bingham, mother of a 14 year old autistic child, and wife of a man with asperger''s syndrome. 
 Not her friends in the auxiliary, not her doctor, and chief of all, not Phil Carroll, a man built to view life and death with statistician eyes. 
 There had been no action, no trust, there was no willingness in that burning visage of a man . 
 A man of fire and brimstone, draconic and unable to leap from the pits of lava he had named his realm. 
 that the Lord spake unto Joshua  saying  Take you twelve men out of the people  out of every tribe a man   And command ye them  saying  Take you hence out of the midst of Jordan
 Then Joshua called the twelve men, whom he had prepared of the children of Israel, out of every tribe a man : And Joshua said unto them  Pass over before the ark of the Lord your God into the midst of Jordan
 a man 
 Being humble and a man of humility you didn''t want to hear that...if you are seeing this continued outpouring of concern and caring by so many
 whereas the truth is that a man is a social being already, and from the very beginning. 
 At such times a man 
 Enter Johnny Barlow, a detective for the Public Welfare Bureau who was put on the trail of a man allegedly breaking the law and making women fertile again without government sanction. 
 Last week the state of Texas executed a man with an IQ of 62. 
 Exactly the same is the case where a man is awarded some low disablement award   perhaps 10% for CB&E
 All the rest, cause a few people did get killed in ... apparently in Ladek, in the district of Miedzylesie a man got killed. 
 "I know, JD, but sometimes a man has to handle things for himself. 
 He''d never been a man who cowered from anyone or anything and he refused to give the other man the advantage of height. 
 Who could oppose a man whose God was with him as Jacob''s was? 
 a man full of possessiveness  a man full of attachment  a man full of ego and the spirit of domination; a man who wished to establish an empire, who believed in killing people and bloodshed alone. 
 decides to build a large mansion in the place where once stood the hut of Matthew Maule  who presented as a man troubled, and was led to scaffold because of accusations of witchcraft. 
 A week later, against West Ham United, Dempsey found the net in the 33rd minute and probably should have had Fulham up a man after getting more or less shanked in the face by Manuel da Costa
 A man already dying on the sidewalk was shot, again, and spasmed. 
 An ugly brute of a man whose strength almost matches Abner. 
 I know a man who had a large church in Mexico city (about 7.000) Once every two or three months he would take cash  lay it on the altar
 A man does not get on a rice-burning crotch-rocket on a desert road in Arizona and scream through the hot vastness
 as indecisive  as a man who holds several positions at once in order to cover his political backside. 
 A lot of things would have to fall into place for this to happen, of course (Video Awards, rotting bananas, Paco), but a man can dream about his ideal death, can''t he? 
 A man cannot prevent the sun from rising or setting and therefore cannot permit it. 
 You are doubtless aware that whatever a man may possess here on earth  whether it be titles  honors or even his own reputation
 It strives to teach a man the duty he owes to God, to his country to his family, to his neighbor, and to himself. 
 What is music to a man who has no music in his ear? 
 a choice you  as a man will never have to make
 Petrie was a great man and a great scientist but he was still a man and still prone to error. 
 dedication to rehab and unwavering resolve speaks of a man who has put past his immaturities to understand the fragility of life. 
 Unsure exactly where to go, we asked a man if he knew of a place to stay. 
 In Lilliput Swift thus portrays Gulliver as a man 
 If it''s long term and he hasn''t married you, run cause this is bull n torture don''t be a glorified girlfriend that''s a man child ! 
 Summers'' finger tightens on the trigger, however, and he hesitates, torn between not wanting to shoot a man for taking a step and the awareness that he is losing control of the situation. 
 He also explained to her that it was built for a man and would not suit her at all, but he offered to build her an entirely new suit and weapons if she liked. 
 Quote:The Christians...worship a man to this day--the distinguished personage who introduced their novel rites, and was crucified on that account... 
 This is the helplessness of a man , which he will have to accept. 
 a Holocaust survivor  said it was "very difficult to speak at [a] place where one stands face to face with the horror a man can do to another man." 
 [Update - Ohio paternity fraud laws has been upheld as a substantive right for a man 
 Ayesha Smart secures indefinite hospital order for a man with paranoid schizophrenia after stabbing a student in the back in Leeds. 
 TMS officials bypassed the use of the pistols after a man opened fire inside a church in a small community about 300 miles south of the track near San Antonio earlier Sunday. 
 Also the bit about "When disaster comes to a city", who is to say that disaster is of a natural nature and not a man made mess? 
 the story said  a belt repairman testified that Murray pressured workers not to shut down the belt "unless there''s a man in it" and that he would fire them on the spot if they did. 
 Back in 2004, a group of off-duty Milwaukee Police officers beat a man at a party. 
 Adam was a man created, satan wasn''t a man . 
 Police are investigating after a man was shot inside a vehicle in Scarborough overnight. 
 outmoded way of thinking -- that sex is something she "gives" a man 
 A man and a woman sit reading books. 
 After that, they made it difficult for us to create chances, and when we did, we came up against a Man of the Match performance from their keeper. 
 A week after the suicide of Kalief Browder, the New York Post reports on a man who has spent the last six years and eight months at Rikers awaiting trial. 
 We learned that a man from a neighboring farmstead disappeared three days ago. 
 Did she deserve to be killed by a man who used to be her lover? 
 randy, just a man   not a comic book hero ? let this rediculous banter be stoped
 "He was a man of integrity and a true Irish Gentleman!" 
 The religious and economic fog that surrounds this character amounts to identifying a man according to the clothes he wore, while having no assurance that he even wore those clothes, or what clothes they were. 
 Mercier said in his Tableau de Paris that a man can- not live by literature  poetry  letters  or science  by the crea- tures of his brain  i... ...y
 So police have arrested a man - Tom Stephens, over the murder of 5 prostitutes in Suffolk. 
 a man break like a branch
 At a beach, a man attacks the genitals, buttocks and thighs of a giant who sits half in the surf, ignoring him... 
 After rolling through some of the Winchester''s greatest hits we see a man [...] 
 In it, a man I murdered mummifies in a hotel lobby and no one notices but me. 
 It knows that a man with a pitchfork is dangerous, and that a man with a gun is even more so. 
 And since he cannot have all that he would, he is in a perpetual state of anger and grief; he remains all his life " a man of strife and a man of contention to the whole earth." 
 In a tragic incident, a man molested a minor girl and sexually assaulted her in Kanchikacharla of Krishna district. 
 and otherwise trying to prevent his wife and others from discovering his sexual conduct); he also counseled a man he shared his interest in child pornography with  Pirie Cleveland
 My lovely horse (My lovely horse) You''re a pony no more (You''re a pony no more) Running around With a man on your back Like a train in the night, yeah! 
 a convicted serial rapist....and he stalked me  and attacked me...how could it really be my fault if a man like that hurt me....he had a history of hurting women  no one could really blame me
 The same pride which makes a man treat haughtily his inferiors, makes him cringe servilely to those above him. 
 You don''t have to be a great talent (talent will develop) you just need to be a tenacious warrior, a man that is scared but not frightened of being scared  a man that is sensitive
 Leo was a man of schedule. 
 It''s absolutely remarkable the muscle definition he has, especially for a man his height." 
 Each of our boxed wines comes with consumption suggestions: a daily intake of 0.3 litres for a man and 0.15 litres for a woman. 
 When a man in a black suit (Tcheky Karyo''s Bob) enters, Nikita cries, "Mister, is this heaven here or not?" 
 And yet through all of it a man is walking with a cane, he does not look up or smile. 
 Without a thought to his own safety, he faced up to the two men, who were so startled to see a man in full costume that they turned and ran. 
 He''s a man high on his own invention  but he takes little pleasure in other people
 And remember how moral conservatives who donated to California''s Proposition 8 to protect marriage licenses for a man and a woman had their home addresses posted on the web? 
 ↑ Also quoted elsewhere and attributed to Mencius as "Only when there are things a man will not do is he capable of doing great things," again with no source. 
 Ayler was a man of extremes, and the Healing Force aggregate captures this aspect of his work through a wide variety of timbres. 
 And it''s also the tale of a man 
 He met a man in a white vehicle and drove away. 
 After all, "as a man thinketh, so is he". 
 Steve must have figured it was morally obvious that I can''t possibly feel a woman''s pain, being a man , so it is morally obvious that I should never say that. 
 Thai authorities are now claiming that a man who lost his legs after a bomb he was carrying detonated prematurely was merely in possession of an Iranian passport
 A man smart enough to know he didn''t know squat about hockey and began hiring people who did. 
 Just past the dawn of the Twentieth Century, a man named H.H. Griffiths offered just that. 
 But she knows that a man can''t be a man 
 Lady Gadsby and His Honor, in talking about this, had thought of improving such a condition; but Simpkins was not a man to whom you could broach such a thought. 
 Hello out there, men who dream you''re pregnant, women who dream you''re a pregnant man, or that you get a man pregnant... 
 A man who worked as an FBI informant. 
 This morning''s Ithaca Journal reports on the arraignment of a man for allegedly stealing $50,000 from Lakeview Cemetery in Lansing. 
 For example, I know a man here  who heard of another guy here on Death Row
 Seeks Partner: 25 - 55 years old I want to find a polite and friendly man) A man caring and with a good sense of humor. 
 Kupelo said a man operating an illegal school in the Libode area was arrested on Thursday morning. 
 neither Party could conceive that  should a man - in their own minds- lesser than their own champion be elected President to immediately succeed Washington
 Show a man a target he can strike back against, and you lend him a footing. 
 it becomes obvious that pants are the distinguishing article of clothing that pertains to a man . 
 In the beginning, there was a man named Looney. 
 When a man encounters a setback such as a job loss
 A man once died of a heart attack in the tennis court and has been seen by many people
 ATHENS, Ga. -- A man 
 This structure had separate compartments for members of each grade, and a man could only rest in his own section and cook his meals of yams over - 571 the fire for his particular grade. 
 Our departed member was a man of many parts, whose loss this Society must deeply regret. 
 He was a man of great mana. 
 At another time I was cured of a strain in the groin by a man who just pressed the top of his thumb gently on the strain
 While a man is fishing at sea a woman should prepare food for his return  which should  properly
 He (the Holy Prophet) remarked: That is a man in whose ears (or in whose ear) the devil urinated. 
 guest host Elizabeth Vargas stated that the Republican presidential race is "about to get a shot of adrenaline from a man 
 A man is supposed to have lots of sex because A Man Is Not A Virgin; therefore a man who has a hard time getting sex is less masculine. 
 We catch a man yawning. 
 The perfect patsy to get to say, "I know Ariel Sharon is a man of peace " "Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa
 cockily averring that he "knows" the American people are good and Ariel Sharon is a man of peace, unable to admit error or even speak without embarrassing himself in any extemporaneous public situation. 
 [I never thought of that! --Jeff] On the other hand, he was playing with a man in a brown suit. 
 He''s a man with an intensely poetic inner life and the ability to package it in intimate torrents of language. 
 Beginning with a man to whom a coffee cup has spilled him from above
 A man considers what could be his last words to his children from a departing airplane. 
 a man who to go. 
 so far as it was possible for such a man to admit anything the tendency of which would be to diminish his own personal importance:– 
 (Literally "graybeards:" Imagine you meet a man with a gray beard  longish straggling gray hair
 Temperance A man clad in the whole armour of righteousness  stands upon fire and serpents representing temptations
 Comments: I want to look for a man who knows love well. 
 We all know that Daniel was a man of prayer. 
 In the south aisle are effigies of a man and woman, supposed to represent some of the Dorewardfamily, who flourished here in the 14th and 16th centuries. 
 In this connection the following thoughts confronted me: the Prophet Jesus also is a man . 
 A good school will teach a man to live well. 
 A man of relentless and indomitable temper
 Now, really, can you imagine that a man with a mind so vile  so base  so ill-formed
 Michal Ho (a true-tested producer with his own distinguished sound  a man who is comfortable working many different genres and fusing influence from everywhere. 
 If confirmed, it couldn''t be more damaging to a man synonymous in Britain with the anti-war movement. 
 that would have been enough to have recorded his place in history, but it is clear that not only was he a man of huge practical ability–a decorated and talented naval officer
 he came near relinquishing the pursuit as hopeless  when suddenly it occurred to him that one must first be a man to find a man   and profiting by this suggestion
 Judaism''s claim that God created sex only for a man and a woman in marriage was so revolutionary - and despised by ancient pagans (and modern pagans, I might add as well). 
 When a man 
 So tempting to think that what you really want is a man , a right-thinking, hard-working, calm-as-a-cool-day man. 
 * What would we think of a man taking every pains to preserve pure the Genealogy of one particular Breed of a Race Horse
 Janet Gleeson''s book, Millionaire, tells the story of John Law who, on the run after killing a man in a duel, came to Paris. 
 takes a job as a housekeeper for an icy and mysterious recluse  and tries to unravel the identity of a man who might be a stalker, a hit man, or worse. 
 We would let a man come into an important club, just because, "hey my black brother! 
 That was a man who was good and a man who was wise. 
 Stengel sounded suspiciously like a man trying to convince himself. 
 Every marriage has problems or fights but you''re supposed to be a man or a woman and not a coward and talk to your spouse! 
 The current guy is not as well known as Eddie Murphy, but "he does exist, and he knows who he is, and he''s very much a man ." 
 It may be supposed that the faith of such a man was in a high degree simple and confiding. 
 Similarly the very fact that a man 
 Former German GP winner, Mark Webber looked like a man with nothing to lose as he chased Vettel and then overlapped him at the the first pit stop. 
 If a man is caught in spreading lies and making up stories like former Journalist Jason Blair of the New York Times
 Driver, with his angular, shaggy-dog face and curled smile, is superb in the title role, encompassing a man of curiosity and immense quiet. 
 Most everyone, it seems, understands the character of Walt Disney in a unique light: He is a bear, an uncle, a man frustrated with stockholders. 
 And we''d rather see that uniform off a man when he''s hammering a fat, uncut dick into another guy''s eager mess kit. 
 so he went into business with a man named Holbrook and they ran Glandford Mill. 
 Steve and Dora are nearly driven off the road by Jonathan Scrimger  landowner and local councillor  but also a man of money with a deep-rooted hatred of horses since his son Jamie was thrown by one and disabled. 
 There is no excuse for a man to have that many affairs while being married have unprotected sex and not worrying about AIDS or giving his wife AIDS. 
 What are the most important attributes that you look for in a man ? 
 The name of Plainfeld was first mentioned in 1154 in a document on a man called Engelschalk von Pluginveld. 
 On her most recent job, Natasha discovers a hole in the government''s monitoring systems: a man exists, who shouldn''t. 
 Why can''t a man support jobs for the lumberjacks and also be in favor of habitats for the owls? 
 A man came up to him and said that he knew a man there named Sours. 
 Mrs. Whipple reveals that Prentice was a youthful lover of her mother, and once fought a duel to protect her from a man who was annoying her with a cat''s eye jewel. 
 But if it is equally wrong for a man to expose his nakedness as it is for a woman  it is not equally dangerous
 You will be positioned as if you are having a smear test if you are women and lying on your back if a man . 
 Sam Neill, now a Hollywood star, read a tribute from John Clarke; nearby, a man was identified to me as a reformed safe-cracker – "a very good one". 
 I took a picture with him today, the first picture I''ve ever taken with him because I wanted to show people the face of a man who won my heart over with nothing more than a genuine smile and good character. 
 it looks like shes going to be our guard Shih Tzu :) I was watching an instructional video with a man speaking and she looks around and barks every time I start it, too cute. 
 However, if I look at my busy week as being a man for others my busy week is blessing. 
 Here was a man in the shelter with his son who was on a pilgrimage like the character in the movie. 
 which diminished with each action or desire  and so a man of his appetites was doomed to die early. 
 not the Holy Bible  which degrade women and place them on the level of animals and property that a man owns and enjoys. 
 I assume no one opposes the opening of the chest, so here goes: ig: World 1: Destiny Islands MISSION 1-4 - Give a Man a Fish... - Scribbling a Fantasy Route You grin as you stride up to the chest, cracking your knuckles. 
 But I fear my skill may be in jeopardy: This month, I married a man with his own superpower, a skilled dawdler. 
 \"It\''s a man 
 furious  pitiless  senseless  suddenly swooping down on a man in the prime of his life, mutilating and torturing as it strikes, crushing and tearing apart. 
 If a man have (an) (fifty  hundred  ninety–nine) sheep  and one of them be gone astray
 Hale was so brightly eager to reveal himself; it was like sitting with a man who offers to strip down to his shorts and show off his surgery scars. 
 When Scotty was sober he was an engaging raconteur, a man of great kindness and human understanding and as a consequence good company. 
 To really understand men, you simply need to talk to a man . 
 He knew that a woman once given to a man for life took  as a rule  her lot as it came and made the best of it
 When we think of abusive relationships, we often default to the idea of a woman as the victim with a man as the perpetrator. 
 This king of Israel was considered to be a man of great wisdom. 
 The bewildering dialectic movement in the world of thought, as described by Hegel, gave strength to a man who was to become a world figure because of the part he played in a real revolution. 
 i.e. a slave who kills a free man shall not be put to death nor the woman who kills a man ? 
 A man is a boy is a man is a boy. 
 She meets up with a man , gets some new clothes, and they defeat Mother Gothel by breaking magic glass. 
 LANSING (UPI) – A man 
 He''s tracking down a man who seems to have vanished into thin air–and his trail stops dead at Raven Springs. 
 Jim and I try to imagine how many years in prison a man would serve, whatever provocation or defence he cited, for lying in wait and stabbing an ex-partner. 
 High words ensued between them, and Paulet, a man of violent temper, struck the young chieftain. 
 When we arrived, I thought nothing of a man and woman unloading what appeared to be blankets from small delivery van onto a folding table. 
 When the alarm sounds, the two powerful combatants - a Rocko, a man of rock, and Undertow, a shark man - decide to turn their considerable strength against their masters. 
 In the pick-up was a man named ''Woody" Wilson and he offered Rocky a job working on a ranch on the Safford side of the Graham Mountains. 
 A man so far from his working-class roots in Huyton that he wouldn''t even go there to run someone over now. 
 Noguera won the Hapkido Middleweight Championship by defeating a man twelve years his senior. 
 But there are a lot of ways to help a man put together a message so that he can chat up a Colombian woman through text, such as: 
 The trip took three days and nights and did a lot to explode the old theory that if a man doesnt like a horse there is something the matter with him. 
 A woman stole a purse with fifty shillings and she was executed, but a man who beat a woman with a stick until she died, was found "not guilty." 
 There was always a man 
 a man 
 In 1873 L. D. Wilson, John E. McFee, W. S. Manning, W. P. Morrison, and a man named Holmes homesteaded near here. 
 Constantly showcasing step-overs and backing defenders up, but a lack of end product seemed an astonishing fete for a man who has netted 60 times this season. 
 Then past 40, I remarried, a man nearly three decades older. 
 If a man destroys property he is considered a criminal, but if a general lay waste a country, people praise him. 
 Keith Berry is a man in possession of such an introduction. 
 he adds  was not upset about being derided as a Nazi because  in O''Rourke''s words "No woman ever dreamt of being raped by a man dressed as a liberal." 
 [Footnote: It was not abandoned till sixteen more years had passed away.] Nevertheless I thought that a man who could write books ought not to live in Ireland --ought to live within the reach of the publishers  the clubs
 Such As Fear God  Men Of Truth  Hating Covetousness; And Place Such Over Them  To Be Rulers. = Exodus 18:21= When A Man Treasures The Rights Of Men - As W ... Posted Tuesday, October 30th 2012 at 12:05AM (more) 
 But how is a man to know whether or not he has within him the qualities necessary for such a career? 
 insisting that this being part of being a man makes men accomplices in the crimes of others. 
 Have you ever met a man with a beard whom you didn''t think of as a bearded man? 
 It is always nice to have a dream, but to run a marathon in 02:03:23 if you''re a man 
 A few hours later, a man jumped in front of a Manhattan-bound (northbound) C train the 23rd Street station in Chelsea. 
 Instead of defending himself in court, like a man   if he can''t be a soldier
 The truth is a man cannot have every woman he desires. 
 Fate caught up with Hickok on August 2, 1876 when a man named Jack McCall walked into the Deadwood
 CHAPTER 3: " A Man Has Passed Like a Shadow Through the Blinds" (continued) 
 For example, when Melo is driving hard to the hoop and the defense collapses on him with weak side help there''s a man standing in the corner wide open for a three. 
 Herod was born in 73 B.C., as the son of a man from Idumea, which is also known as Edom. 
 Included is a letter from 1861 a man named Jerry who was enslaved by Hooper. 
 with a caption "Ovaltarantino" (pun on Ovaltine); a man shouting at a group of four children and their dog
 But for a woman to challenge a man intellectually. 
 If you''re a man of color, there is a special type of laser designed for your skin tone. 
 These include various forms of incest, and specifically forbid a man taking his brother''s wife (Leviticus 18:16; 20:21), which is what Herod had done (Matthew 14:3; Mark 6:17). 
 To say Martin Carr is now a man out of time would be unfair. 
 I have to admit, I really fell in love with the Joolz Day, especially due to the fact that this stroller was designed by a man and and features a more dad-friendly design. 
 "Language most shows a man : Speak, that I may see thee". –Ben Jonson 
 We see him throw himself into a storefront security gate, scream into the ear of a man who''s using the phone, and sing-scream aggressively into the face of an ice cream vendor. 
 he responds  "Should such a man as I flee? 
 Now Jesus is no longer a threat, just a man who is speaking to her. 
 But for a man 
 He''s a man of honor, former Marine like myself and wants to call fouls on his self. 
 A man 
 Nothing gives a man more self confidence than being treated by respect by the woman he loves. 
 His eyes betray the terrible shame of a man who cannot feed his slowly starving children. 
 The original movie was directed by Alex Proyas and featured Lee as a man brought back from the dead to avenge his own death, as well as his girlfriend''s. 
 Jesus does not meet the criteria for president: He was not over 35 as a man (unless you figure in the eternal thing) and not born in the U.S. 
 His brother, Thomas Andrews, is a man whose outstanding merits and sterling character have won him an honoured place among Ulstermen. 
 His face was so disfigured he seemed hardly human, and from his appearance, one would scarcely know he was a man " (Isaiah 52:14). 
 Now he sounds like a man who will be bitching about all the day games come the June Swoon. 
 A warm childhood proved a much stronger predictor of many aspects of a man ''s flourishing later in life  including his overall contentment in his late seventies
 "In particular we are keen to speak to anyone who saw a man walking from Foxton towards the collision location in the early hours of the morning. 
 Anthony Bourdain was a man who lived for the things that he loved. 
 The film shows a meeting in which a man in a leather jacket appears to pay four men a total of HUF 200
 They were shouted by a man 
 Like Sidney Greenstreet in The Maltese Falcon, you like talking to a man who likes to talk but you feel he in control. 
 creating a man 
 While I was treating her, I had to remember constantly that there was a man named Job who was severely tried, according to the Old Testament of the Bible. 
 The letter which caught my attention was from a man about 40 years of age who had squint of the left eye. 
 Guiding each individual in getting transformed from a man to Narayan and from a woman to Lakshmi through Godly knowledge  Easy RajYoga
 Our personal injury team represented the wife of a man who was killed in a cycling accident in the Peak District when a motorbike lost control on a corner and hit him head on. 
 If a man has recurrent infections or infections with the same organism
 It tells of the victory of a man who laid down his life for the entire world community  for every man and woman and child in history
 and you have a son and you havent even given him a name applies to a woman talking to a man . 
 If you''re a woman, it means something completely different to you than if you''re a man and vice versa. 
 It''s 2012, the human race has sent a man to the moon, developed supercomputers than can model the planets weather, cloned animals.... 
 A policeman in the big city stops a man in a car with a huge rabbit in the front seat. 
 although some call it wudang wushu  wudang tai chi or daoist tai chi  but the fact reamains that there WAS a man 
 Col. John P. Decatur, brother of Commodore Stephen Decatur, was a man unlike his famous brother. 
 A man   who does not suffer fools gladly  is not wont to be loved by African presidents
 He managed to secure 53 metal spoons on his neck and chest and lifted a man sitting on a car hood that was magnetised to his chest. 
 He said his interaction with the late priest showed he was a man who was dedicated in his priestly apostolate. 
 This made me think, if I (a woman) don''t understand why we need these things, then how the hell is a man supposed to know? 
 Mikel Arteta is a man 
 In the video, he can be seen with his right arm outstretched arm while a man in front of him is whipping his arm with a whip made up of kush and grass. 
 He took it like a REAL MAN!! he rides my BIG FAT COCK like a man whore and I promise you HE LOVED IT! 
 I went to a bar not to long after my twenty first birthday earlier this year, and got involved in a conversation with a man in his early 80''s. 
 To use King''s Solomon''s words: "Many are the plans in the mind of a man , but it is the purpose of the Lord that will be established." 
 The leaders of the people who were unbelievers, replied: "We see that you are but a man like us  and see that none among us follows you but the meanest and immature of judgement
 On Sept. 29, 1998, a man named Steven Smith raped and killed his girlfriend''s daughter, Autumn Carter. 
 There was the one from a man named Cleveland who shared my plight and wanted to compare cranium sizes (he had a 62cm melon himself). 
 A man 
 When I, I look at a job, a job vacancy, my attitude would be, wouldn''t be, "Am I a man or a woman?" 
 " A man 
 A man who dissolved all musical boundaries and inspired generations of musicians
 Before the mission of landing a man on the moon was definitively assigned to the civilian National Aeronautics and Space Administration
 Such a man is admired,... 
 In other words a man is not to sell his goods or services under the pretence that they are those of another person. 
 or at twenty-five played a man of all ages in CITIZEN KANE... 
 "There is a way that seemeth right unto a man , but the end thereof are the ways of death." 
 A man 
 p. 108)  and it is related that the Prophet said "Acts of begging are scratches and wounds-with which a man wounds his own face." 
 Multan/Islamabad (Bureau Report): National security agencies have arrested a man belonging to a banned organization
 It is a figure of a man with antlers, who wears a long robe, and has his arms raised in the orans position. 
 But the film was unprecedented in offering audiences an opportunity not just to see a man and a woman kiss  but also to see this act in a medium close-up
 I want a man , I want a man, I want a man. 
 He''s a man so stubborn, so defiant, that he refuses medical care out of spite. 
 Her chief rival Obama is a "halfrican," a man who also happens to be a legit contender for the presidency of The United States. 
 THERE once lived in Palestine a man named Amram Ibn Mathan, who had attained to a great age without being blessed with posterity. 
 He then said, " A man from Al-Ansar made some food and invited us. 
 I also saw the soul of a man who was held in the atmosphere, (2) and fifty demons ever flogged him, before and behind, with darting serpents. 
 The author of the book "Standing on a Volcano: The Life and Times of David Rowland Francis" sheds much light on a man who was  in turn  mayor of St. Louis  governor of Missouri  U.S. Secretary of the Interior
 "In reaching such levels of selfless spiritual development, a man or woman naturally partakes in a Hierarchy of Being, where concern is the welfare and highest good of all beings. 
 asked a man as he entered the room through another door. 
 Also because whatsoever ... we conceive has been perceived first by sense, either all at once or by parts, a man can have no thought representing anything not subject to sense... 
 Later in the show, we are shown a man falling from space and fire and destruction raining down on NYC, as well as parts of the set "blowing up". 
 Another shows a man in a police uniform with a pistol in his hand, thus opening doors for investigating employment records. 
 Wouldn''t a man more naturally say FATHER? 
 He has the stern look of a man who will go far  having from so far away come  the deep lines in his face the mark of one destined for study
 if somewhat crudely  reflected in a picture of Tverskaya Street in Moscow in 1994  portraying a slumped drunk  a man hurrying on his way juxtaposed against a reflection of an advertisement for "West" cigarettes
 MENJ has now indirectly slandered Gabriel by accusing him of assisting an affâk, i.e. " a man 
 They were expected to marry and serve a man . 
 but opened a new path to tribal honor by which a man of valor and industry could reach equality with the hereditary chiefs in the government of the tribe. 
 Often leading to a man just getting stuck  refusing to mature
 How many roads is a man really supposed to walk down? 
 The Ptolemaic Dynasty was founded by a man named Ptolemy who had been one of Alexander the Great''s highest ranking generals. 
 I''m in FL and was so very disappointed that prop 2 passed (changing our constitution to specify marriage as between a man and a woman). how ridiculous. really. 
 In the Mill o'' Tifty lived a man , In the neighbourhood of Fyvie, He had a lovely daughter fair, Whose name was bonnie Annie. 
 Last week a man 
 He tells the story of a man 
 In Luke 12:13-21 we read a story of a man who apparently had everything. 
 A man with two children stood near the edge of an embankment. 
 You''d think a man of my position would be allowed to do his job without such pointless interruptions." 
 He was a man of distinct individuality and strong intellectual grasp
 Moses testifies in speaking of that hairy man who was also a man of varied wickedness, Esau, when he says, "But Esau was skilful in hunting, and a rude Man." 
 A man of short fuses, Trump does not have the patience for details. 
 and of education itself–I return time and again to the memoirs of a man who grew up in Harlem during the 1920''s and 30''s. 
 These are experiences of a quite unique kind; we could no more describe what we sense in them to a man who had never had such experiences than we could describe a red colour to a man born blind. 
 Among his large circle of acquaintances in Porter county he is looked upon as a man whose "word is as good as his bond
 A man who seemed to be in his late twenties  with short  curly ash blond hair  fine-featured but a bit on the paunchy side
 He was then borne back from the fighting line, with a wound that would have proved mortal to a man having a less rugged vitality. 
 It''s simply not fair that a man could be that perfect, and yet I can''t have him. 
 But someone (possibly Flora?) mentioned a man named Will Wright, the creator of The Sims, SimCity, and all their related expansions and franchise stuff. 
 a man knows Marcus  but does not know that he is also called Tullius
 The people have disagreed about the reciters until a man says, "My reading is better than your reading. 
 Then heaven sent, a man turns up on a motorbike, a man in a uniform with lots of impressive badges but not a policeman. 
 When he strikes back at a man that earlier denied him milk for his baby
 The first would be a man taking a walk, and encountering a man desiring a chocolate treat. 
 In repentance, a man separates himself from sin  learns not to be one with it  and begins to understand that he is an image of God
 The song sets the stage for the movement of the record, speaking of a man plagued with the need to move, and so the journey begins. 
 A man who may not be what he seems. 
 If that isn''t frustrating enough for a man with any pride  they will invariably go a hundred kilometres or so off their route  and out of their way
 It''s a common wisdom among military folk that a man is no use in combat after about the age of 35. 
 There was a man there, and he appeared to be confused as he looked around the alley. 
 no  he could live without a penguin  thank you  but he knew a man who deserved one..) and people banded together to sponsor one at Bristol Zoo. 
 1891, October 16 - Death of Martin Peterson Last Sunday the body of a man was found in the barn of August Johnson  a farmer living on the Valparaiso road
 They are known to become wonderful hard workers and known for certainly never resting still as well as waiting on a man to give their every demand. 
 I have a question Az, when a man dresses in public as a women, skirt, high heels ect, Is he Transgender? 
 She spent an hour making up Casey''s face so that you couldn''t tell if she were a man or a woman. 
 This tragedy of a man who thinks he can control how lives are redirected is as moving as the story of his nurse
 and in having employ''d it to enlighten our own Minds and that of others; a Man like Sir Isaac Newton, whose equal is hardly found in a thousand Years, is the truly great Man. 
 Reasoning from analogy, the production of a man , independent of the ordinary means, would not be more marvellous than that of an insect with flour and water.... 
 At around 10:30 I called the British embassy and spoke to a man named Chris Bowers, in the consular section. 
 Text message commands are solicited by e-mail, and serve as instructions for a man who stands before a canvas. 
 (JC) WILLIE KENT: 911 Nine-one-one/ A Man 
 Whiter still, I am a reversed silhouette against the black backdrop where I pose, now, for the photographs, a man named Bellocq. 
 Much like Peneleos when he kills Ilioneus, Menelaos takes pleasure in imaging the sorrow of the parents and wife of a man he has killed. 
 Hannah Potes | MLive.com Walmart employees were forced to evacuate the building after a 911 call reported a man hole explosion at the rear of the mall Thursday evening 
 The woman at the pharmacy where I failed to buy ear drops also spoke to me in English, as did a man whom I met under an awning at a Chinese supermarket during a particularly heavy rainstorm. 
 a man 
 The family and his students salute a man of exceptional personal qualities. 
 That she succeeds in rendering him as a vibrant, living human being, a man of the world as well as ideas, is a remarkable feat of imaginative empathy. 
 And it''s not a relationship that I''ve ever cultivated – I''ve never pretended to be A Man Of The People. 
 It was impossible for Bonney to tell if it was a man or a woman – the suit was too heavy, and the layers worn underneath turned every figure blocky – but she trusted Emerson. 
 Carlos introduces the central theme of this issue when he talks about how prison changes a man , which calls into question whether Matt is aware of how much he''s changed. 
 shoot a man rather than train him to be a deceptive human swine" 
 she felt liberated  lacking the social pressure to hide her sexuality  to portray herself as innocent  to date a man her parents approved of. 
 In 1961, President Kennedy announced that the U.S. would land a man on the Moon before the end of the decade. 
 A man of noble birth with a book was one of these revolutionary as well as rare pieces of work that have remained unexplored. 
 I am married to a man obsessed with golf, investment strategy and politics. 
 At the breakfast table, he told a jovial anecdote about a man who molested me in Philadelphia when I was twelve. 
 Barbra''s daughter had no idea how to tell her mother that she was now dating Blake but more importantly that Blake wasn''t a man like everyone believed. 
 He shows admiration for a man who would go to these lengths in pursuit of a dream and a cause. 
 They later sold Blowing Dust to a man from California who had great success with him. 
 Champlain favoured the women with the disdainful glance of a man of business who knew what-was-what. 
 Understand that Peter was a man 
 A similar incident took place in Smyrna, Tennessee in April, where a man was found to have footage of women and girls he had filmed in a public park restroom. 
 A thief is a man, a murderer is a man, but a man who is evil is not good man. 
 which was very grand  and the simple type of hunting by a man on foot with a solitary hound and a serf companion
 One of the best drawings in the show occupies a side of the edifice: a man crawling on his knees and elbows, in a gesture of prayer or exhaustion, sweats paint. 
 I. The notice which our Lord Jesus took of the piteous case of this poor blind man (v. 1): As Jesus passed by he saw a man which was blind from his birth. 
 A man or a woman? 
 Saul was blinded until a man named Ananias came to visit Saul in Damascus just as Jesus said would happen. 
 For Allegra, whose self-definition is wrapped up in her sexuality, falling for a man is a new experience. 
 but he tries to understand and forgive a man who was doing the best he knew now. 
 1917–is visibly that of a man of peace, a civilian. 
" was the response  "but  on the other hand  the fear of death often causes a man to lose consciousness before the moment of execution." 
 His grandfather was a man of the weekend, a simple man who knew how to enjoy life! 
 A man 
 He wasn''t the worst coach I''d worked under, but he was certainly the most immature because a man solves his problems." 
 A man who is a compulsive gambler continues to seek his fortune at the "empty" side of the maze, despite past experience. 
 It is no easy task to sort the effects of those months of 1966 in a man closing in on 70. 
 My parents would disown me if I dated a republican or a man that carried a gun. 
 a man ; a gigantic woman; and the larger-than-life, iconic Walking Man I (1960). 
 Observations: Was arrested with Napper Tandy in Hambro, was in Austrian service, is a man of considerable abilities, deeply implicated in 1798.'' 
 From Edgar Rice Burroughs''s Tarzan books (given to him by the mother of a man named Clyde
 Imagine a large arena, the silence of thirty thousand people and standing in the bleak sunshine a man and a bull facing each other, the bull in the throes of death." 
 Some of his faithul have said that Pope Francis is not only a man of humility, he is also one of unconventional tastes. 
 Police were also looking out for a man called Manveer Singh Tewatia and his five aides for allegedly instigating the farmers? agitation
 A young woman, Amy, leaves home at nineteen to start a life with a man who turns out to be a mistake; by the time she finally tries to rectify the situation
 Oh, I hope that many a man and woman now in this Agricultural Hall will this day cry, "I do retract what I have said. 
 The Hoedown article is a fascinating piece, and mentions the name or nickname of a man who travelled with BJ and Skeeter to New York City – someone who Skeeter didn''t write about in her autobiography. 
 I have died, as men term death, and yet I am as much a man as ever. 
 What is a man ? 
 A man full of smile in his mid-50s, Dr. Andie welcomed me to his office, releasing small laughs throughout the chat. 
 Her first assignment was on the Police Cutter Sam Franklin, where she impressed Senior Chief Rinehart, a man known for making-or-breaking junior officers. 
 a man for whom I have always held the highest regard. 
 But not sexually, not in a power move stemming from patriarchal superiority; I''d have a boy, and then a man (and ideally more than one) love me without also hurting me in those ways. 
 A man who had a "new wife" (Deut 24:5) – obviously that was a wife who had never been his wife before. 
 Henrico Police are seeking the public''s help in learning more about a shooting that left a man dead in Northern Henrico April 20. 
 slut-shaming quotient for the season  but then gossip site Gawker ran an anonymous account from a man claiming he had a drunken sexual encounter with Delaware Senate candidate Christine O''Donnell three years ago. 
 When, therefore, you unluckily have to deal with such a man , the best way is to make up to him boldly, and answer him with firmness. 
 a man who exposed his vulnerability in a variety of aesthetic forms" (Berlin IFF). 
 In a letter written to Katharine O''Shea in December 1885, her husband included an enclosure from a man he referred to as a ''Fenian Chief''. 
 Bjelica said Zagorac told him a man named Sabahudin Karacic tied them to a car with a cable and drove the car around. 
 But when she falls for him, she discovers that loving a man with a heart for God requires more from her than she''s willing to give. 
 Alfie Allen performs admirably, portraying a man taken to the very edge of madness. 
 In an ancient saying, if a man has no tatto marks, he is regarded as womanish. 
 I mean, sure, I have a few guys I know pretty well, I''m friends with guys on Facebook, I am married to a man (at least I''m pretty sure I still am, law school has consumed him so much that we communicate solely by social media now. 
 During the presidency of George W. Bush, his repeated, almost robotic calls to "stay the course" in Iraq were the mark of a man who had run out of ideas. 
 Shouldn''t they have the right to enter into a relationship with each other and a man of choice? 
 I got one this week from a man who has started a Paragon Park webpage HERE. 
 His reports reflected the fact that he was not a man of mere words; but that he was a man of action. 
 Another mom of two was arrested and held in a cell for seven hours after she identified a trans woman as a man on Twitter. 
 There''s many a man thinks he''s capable of anything, who draws back when it comes to the point... 
 She had rough voice and rough manners, was not neat and had the taste of a man . 
 That''s good in a way because stress makes a man grow up. 
 This book is likewise about a man who reached uncharted heights and who, like the astronauts, was left burned out. 
 and a man named Wilde, lectured the Thule Society on occultism.[ 
 Allen Tate did his work well as a man of letters  but lately  as I said above  neglect has been his portion: For example
 A man casts a vote inside a polling station in Diyarbakir, southeastern Turkey, on April 16, 2017. 
 He was a man endued with much faith and patience  tender of the honour of the Name of the Lord  and zealous for his truth and worship
 "Well, I want a man to help me thresh a mow of wheat," says the farmer. 
 if she had been a man with lustful feelings directed at a woman during prayers but  here
 Let a man content himself, therefore, with the wife whom His Creator has given him, and let him forget every other woman. 
 "This is my father," Liu said, pointing at a photo and indicating a man wearing eyeglasses standing alongside Kim
 a man to a good-looking woman. 
 In the reign of Roman Emperor Claudius, Claudius tried Gaius Rabirius Postumus ( a man from a senatorial family) for treason, who before tried unsuccessfully to recover money from Ptolemy. 
 The whole point of crucifying a man was to expose him publicly  to nail him up in agony
 One, a man from a Middle Eastern company sells perfume in Boston. 
 "It is an irony of life that a man who has never campaigned for any office he has occupied  but only believes in sorting things out
 Trina= cant keep a man but had many Eve=doing good she made it out the hood and got her white man, not bad. 
 the approach to this religious  Christian landmark moment is being sold as a thriller (a manhunt for a man supposedly dead
 Let me just remind you, this is a man who periodically likes to beat people to death with his own fists. 
 When he was not raised higher than the height of a man   Leo kissed his feet and watered them with his tears  with tender devotion  saying the following prayer: "My God
 A man who will take any risk...as long as he can claim Sophie. 
 This is the family of the 15-year-old boy, charged in the murder of an 11-year-old, who himself was abused by a man he met on the Internet. 
 "Oh yeah, he was into some real weird stuff," a man named Jeffrey Karlson* confirmed. 
 Joseph is a man who goes "unnoticed"  who welcomes the mystery and puts himself at its service  never putting himself at the center
 As in A Man Lay Dead
 While restating his earlier position that he was never under any suspension, Frank said "the APC National Chairman is a man without words of his own but always out to serve the interest of higher bidders. 
 A man had walked past me. 
 Scott''s reinstatement is quite a reversal of fortune for a man 
 SBCC lost a man 
 "Elder Randall was a man of medium size, erecte and gentlemanly in appearance. 
 As long as a man contains no dental implants  medical staples  or artificial limbs
 A man asked: O Rasool of Allah (Sallal Laahu Alaihi Wasallim): What are the rights of the parents over their children? 
 Police in France are still questioning a man suspected of carrying out an attack on a factory near Lyon, in which a man was found decapitated. 
 Here I am writing about a man 
 is that the entire elaborate revenge scenario created by Nishi is created by his desire for vengeance for a man who, from what we learn indirectly, is not someone who seems particularly deserving. 
 The pair come across unexpected, yet sympathetic characters - like a rural father-daughter duo and a man who goes by the nickname "Psycho" Sam (Rhys Darby). 
 For example, a man was fined 600 euros ($654) in 2011 for throwing two eggs at President Christian Wulff. 
 A man has been jailed for multiple breaches of a suspended sentence. 
 "I think I believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman." 
 A man is in the hospital, possibly dying because he was shot at his mothers funeral and y''all are worried about beyonce? 
 Why does a livestream of a man sleeping get over 20,000 viewers? 
 She said she had been in many meetings with the cardinal and said, "He is a man who transmits great serenity." 
 The day before the ruling, Dündar was also attacked outside the courtroom, when a man fired several shots at him before being immobilised – an act of intimidation rather than a real murder attempt
 Man found dead after hanging upside down from chimney in England A man 
 In Colorado, a man who killed three teenagers and their boss in a pizza restaurant in 1993 is set to be executed in August. 
 A group of protesters surrounded the statue on Colston Avenue, erected in honour of a man whose ships sent about 80,000 men, women and children from Africa to the Americas between 1672 and 1689. 
 "I believe Buhari is a man of integrity and even his vice-president is a clergyman, so things will be different now." 
 A Man and a Woman." 
 You take a man who is a student, about twenty-two, twenty-three years old, and he is one of these fellows that sort of has flat feet. 
 No longer ''The Forgotten Man'' but a man of honour and conviction, a Patriot. 
 A man – more like a "fan" – shoots Landon while Lisey''s stalker calls the widow "Yoko"
 a man during the application process. 
 She finds a man intriguing, interesting, admirable. 
 The dead person was carried on the shoulders to running water, and bathed (on the shoulders of the living) by a man who stroked off the flesh with the palms of his hands. 
" someone who lead by example  a citizen''s politician  a man of many accomplishments and "a giant among giants." 
 Robert Murray McCheyne''s words are often cited because they remain painfully true: "You wish to humble a man ? 
 If a man is lazy, the rafters sag; if his hands are idle, the house leaks. –Ecclesiastes 10:18 Thoughts on Today''s Verse... 
 A man from a Christian Anglo-Saxon cemetery in the village of Norton  Teesside
 His appearance was more that of a wild beast than a man ; and though kept in restraint  and compelled to live among men  most unwillingly
 A man named Timothy Snediker replied as follows: "Easy. 
 The honest remark from the polished conservative captured the feelings of a man whose life has... 
 This is, then, a different issue than recognizing that a man is a qualified elder. 
 Therefore, the state protects the union between a man and a woman. 
 a man or woman who deals with opposite-sex attraction
 a man who has been wrongly executed by the town''s corrupt mayor Lawerence Chalke for being a Devil Worshipper
 But they were left in terror as a man appeared brandishing a gun and appeared to shoot dead Mr Kent, their science teacher, as he ran across a field. 
 Also, Vann is a woman and 9 times out of 10 in police procedurals, if one of the partners is a woman, the other is a man . 
 They want to please their viewers so in case you''re in the room first, you will get dibs. stripchat Along with that, if a man is new to the site, show... 
 This is a man 
 a man of Shakespeare''s genius. 
 while a particular man is a form in matter  the result will only be that a particular man will be less of a man ; for reason (that is, essence) is weaker when it is in matter. 
 A man sues a former co-worker for failing to build a website for his business; a man is sued for unpaid rent, a broken tablet and hotel costs. 
 Ex-lovers argue over credit-card debt; a man claims the money his former friend paid him for a dog was actually payment for half-custody of the dog. 
 A man sues his ex-lover for rent, a dirt bike and a TV; ex-lovers fight over tuition and loans; a man says his ex-lover is suing him just so she can see him again. 
 A truck driver denies owing his former boss thousands of dollars for loans and claims the boss fabricated an assault; a man says his consignment-sale items were mishandled and refuses to pay storage fees. 
 While allegedly resisting arrest, a man 
 So if you''re intersex, you can still identify as a man or a woman. 
 However, every time a man puts on skirt for a field hockey match  or a woman laces up her cleats for a football game despite society''s ill will
 Hermes, of all people, grudge a man a little thievery? 
 most evident on "Monsanto Years " is not some publicity stunt to garner popularity; rather a man singing about the same things that have affected him for the past half century. 
 When the man asks Sloane who was really responsible, she isn''t sure if Rax is his real name: " A man named Gallius Rax. 
 All studies have shown that the best venue for child rearing is a stable, permanent relationship between a man and a woman. 
 I don''t want to have to live in a country run by a man who votes with Bush 95% of the time  that Karl Rove thinks is untrustworthy with the truth
 The show revolves around a man named Howard Silk (J.K. Simmons), who works for the Office of Interchange – a Berlin based UN spy facility. 
 and not only a man deluded about the nature of his opponents and their views  but also (and perhaps most important) a man with a staggeringly thin idea of common action in American life. 
 Most women I know will settle for those qualities in a man , and forsake the hot six-pack body that will morph over time into a set of love handles and a slight beer paunch. 
 In an era of unsanctioned drone warfareâ€"where a man 
 Thames is a beast of a man , who after putting up great numbers in Korea, had three solid power seasons with the Milwaukee Brewers. 
 A man was denouncing newspaper advertising to a crowd of listeners. 
 A man checks his blood pressure during a medical exhibition in Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang province. 
 For me, these interviews revealed a man dedicated to Russia  incredibly hard working  extremely knowledgeable about the west and its history
 When I got out of the car a man   walking by on his way into the store  noticed my lack of handicapped plates
 Such a man will have his tunic neatly pleated  rejecting the chance folds of the easy-fitting houppelande
 Garrett''s a man who apparently enjoys being a Brown, a leader, a football beast. 
 let me tell you this my fellow-countrymen  and accept it from a man not of your own race
 Pevensey can own to one famous son at least, Andrew Borde, a man of many parts. 
 It''d kill me to know the woman I love doesn''t want or respect me as a man ! 
 Besides, it is a recognized fact that people are always inclined to suspect a crime whenever a man prominent in the public eye dies before his time. 
 Precisely for this reason it is more difficult for a woman than for a man to succeed in fulfilling her proper mission
 It''s hard to hold a conversation with him without being politely interrupted by a fan, this time a man who said he saw Curtis in the 1970s. 
 Portland police officers showed her photographs taken Saturday and asked if she could identify a man they were investigating in the deadly shooting. 
 That he was a man of energy and pluck will appear from the following daring enterprise. 
 If the inhabitants of these regions were told by a man whom they liked and would believe  as they would Curry
 Over there, on the handful of tables still playing in the Pavilion Room, a man named Ryan Pochedly, from Lakewood, OH, was being knocked out. 
 The deaths include a man in his 80s in Christian County, a woman in her 80s in DuPage County, a man his 60s from McHenry County and a man in her 90s in Whiteside County. 
 A man neither lives to himself nor in himself. 
 When I shared Goodpaster''s findings with attorneys, including a public defender representing a man accused of drug crimes who subsequently questioned an NOPD analyst about his lab work
 The other, being a man in Gravell-lane  by name John Underwood  hath already slept full nine dayes and nights
 discomfort at a man displaying vulnerable behaviour in a public place. 
 However, things take an unexpected turn when a man enters their lives. 
 A man with a bulldozer does even better. 
 A witness observed a man drop two barrels into the reservoir, and then leave the area. 
 Look here enigma32, a man can only do so many sit-ups in a day, and for this man that number happens to be 6. 
 Tomlinson, coming in at around 6-3 and 318 pounds, is a monster of a man and an absolute athletic freak for his size. 
 There''s a man who is Krenov''s dead-ringer. 
 He also wanted a man who would be reasonably easy to break to his will. 
 It is also the work of a man of exceptional destiny: Henry of Orleans, Duke of Aumale, son of the last king of the French, Louis-Philippe. 
 a man and a young woman was sitting inside the truck. 
 a man would know that they are fun-loving people who likes to laugh alot 
 Btw, I always see a man selling big fat frogs in the pasar malam. 
 Rape implies the element of force. after all, the only way a woman can rape a man 
 a man 
 He was a man of grace and style  as well as sensitivity
 In the situation where these little bumps induce substantial self-esteem problems for a man , it is justified to begin seeking help to eliminate them. 
 Strange beasts walk these lands, beasts that havn''t seen a man in so long. 
 I''m meeting with a man this morning who has invited me to read my poetry or stories to his Jewish Authors Club. 
 There will be a man in a tree." 
 Instead, what he has done was to give public exposure to a man seeking to overcome temptation in that area which  in my experience
 No, anything I''ve said about "Milo and Sage" was based on an image Zack showed me while hosting a MAN OF STEEL online event at Yahoo many months back. 
 whether it was that she did not want a man to rule her, no one could agree on the right person, or what have you. 
 A man fighting for principle, especially armed with facts so strongly on his side, is tough to beat. 
 When I wrote in the issue of October 8, 2020 about a man who continued working construction and still received an unemployment check for $17 000
 Training and Rehabilitation (DETR) and after one hour of punching numbers  a man claiming to be named Eric, answered the telephone. 
 Taylor County Sheriff''s Office (TCSO) Deputy Derrick Parker was on patrol in Steinhatchee when he observed a man – later identified as Charles Frow Jr. – riding a bicycle on First Avenue East in the right hand lane. 
 Half in wonder, an officer once told me, "Sam can dress a man down till his ears burn, and the next minute that same guy is eager to follow him into hell." 
 Yet, the author yearned to understand the mindset of such a man as Dawkins and had a deep burden in his heart for Dawkins'' soul. 
 For over one hundred times their normal fee, they agree to take a man named Faylon and his deformed slave, Manny, on a quest for a lost magical city. 
 He was gentle, kind, and a man of integrity. 
 He will appear to be a man of distinguished character, but will ultimately become a king of fierce countenance (Daniel 8:23). 
 It''s an unblinking look at how a man shouldn''t spend his 30s and 40s. 
 And this new age spirituality claims that Jesus Christ was just a man   someone to be looked at as a teacher  someone who became an "ascended master
 In his office is an art-deco painting of a man and a woman eyeing each other from behind the wheels of their respective huge, gaudy cars. 
 The Loves were their usual  fantastic  rock''n''roll selves  with Matt Kauffman  expertly playing the part of a man having a whale of a time, leaping around onstage with them. 
 Solomon Tulbure, Grand Master of the Illuminati Order, Found Dead on Interstate - A man 
 He was a man who was admired by other actors, not only for his incredible talent but the moral center that embodied the man. 
 Now, if the disk jockey will play the theme song from A Man and A Woman, we''ll drive out of here for this week. 
 Putting a man like that in charge of a crisis like this  in which science is the best weapon we have
 Note this from Robert Bork - a man of the right who knows a lot about the law
 He hadn''t the time to consider what she meant by ''making a man '' of him. 
 ''Love Hurts'' is almost enough to make a man break down in tears - and it''s rarely been sung or performed better than it is here by Gram and Emmylou. 
 because the modern recordings Dylan has been creating over the last decade proves this is a man still at the top of his game - with his own mortality as the only thing about to slow him down. 
 This week on COMMA Podcast we meet a powerhouse of a man ! 
 A man without pride is doomed to failure..." 
 In real life the dreamer had been very upset about a man coming into the café where she worked whom she had to serve. 
 As a man , working as a professional with children, I always have been in a very small minority. 
 If I''m involved with a man   I try to learn his preference
 I kept passing billboards and bus-stops ads for one Robert N. Nolan  D.D.S. The ads were strange because a man , presumably Dr. Nolan, was holding a kid in the photo–possibly his own. 
 He was a mountain of a man , wearing a beard longer than any I had ever seen. 
 David and Solomon were not without their problems but David as the scripture says was a man after God''s own heart. 
 so he would choose to endure Suzi''s constant insults far longer than a man with ordinary social skills. 
 a man who "Hewett like
 and the pattern revealed by those stories is unmistakable: Beware a man who courts you with flowers. 
 Police in Kemah, Texas arrested a man on Wednesday for riding a unicycle while nude. 
 I think it is very helpful in the midst of this old chronicle of the Israelite story to get the very words and pleadings of a man living at the time. 
 A man is not going to be judged by God for having more than one wife, unless the laws of that land forbid it. 
 I was upset because I saw a man lifting out some eggs in his hands to show a tour group. 
 Oh, my name is Tuke, I was born in ''68 My momma never married, she never had a date But she had a vision, she didn''t need a man When she named me Tuke, she must ''a had a plan But I couldn''t understand And I said, Why Tuke? 
 Ryan gave us a good example of this New-Age-Republican way of thinking when he had a man who spoke out at his meeting thrown to the ground, handcuffed, and dragged off. 
 In Elizabeth Smart''s case, there were only two people, a man and his wife. 
 Five years after, she sees an executed man walking the streets of Austin a man she helped send to Death Row. 
 A man can make wudu'' after this certitude in his heart. 16. 
 As a matter of law, and as a consequence of the GRC, Mr. J is now a man for all purposes. 
 I am sitting on the battlefield now and there is a man here who says he will try and get this to some P.O. He is waiting, I must close. 
 Then one night I awoke to see a shadow of a man on top of my wife. 
 A man whose entire existence was dedicated to peace. 
 He was a great reader and was a man of more than ordinary intelligence. 
 the like counsel he now gave also unto Scipio: not to hazard battle against a man of great skill and experience in wars  but to take time  whereby  by little and little
 all that mattered was that he still loved her and Liz being the friend she was never ever made him feel like less of a man for still feeling that way. 
 A man who was definitely not Kivar. 
 But when he returned from Sweden, a man in love no less and not with her; it was then that she realized that she had to play for keeps and to win him back. 
 He was a man of strong political views with a Conservative pose of mind
 a man of the Teutonic race." 
 That''s not the reaction a man wants from you. 
 Police chief: ''She was able to get one shot off, and the gun jammed'' Posted July 26 Updated July 28 RALEIGH, N.C. – A man 
 A man who had been self-harming and had a knife held to his chest
 Given the inert nature of the subject, the idea of creating a film about a man suffering from locked in syndrome doesn''t sound like an especially cinematic one at first. 
 ''Love'' caused a stranger on this planet to expose himself to save a girl, ''love'' caused a man to come back into time to break his future wife''s heart
 Reese responded, "Well... ya see, an incubus is basically what happens when a man absorbs too much demonic energy like I did- they turn into the ideal man for a monster." 
 I immediately dismissed his ramblings as nonsense, but was intrigued as to what could have driven a man to see such horrors. 
 Gotta play it like a man ! 
 Anxiety turns on the fear centers of the brain Aug 31, 2017 · Homework is the worst thing a man can come up with, because what could be more stupid than teaching and doing what you do not want. 
 In the bathing room, Y''Anri stood, naked as ever, drinking heavily from a bowl held by a man that I had never seen before. 
 As a man that never considered what he said  but uttered what came uppermost  only to make a noise with the multitude of words
 "I think there''s something so sexy about a man who wears a watch," Maria smiled. 
 Florida at a gay nightclub  by a man pledging a seemingly last-minute allegiance to the ISIS terror group
 Call a man ungrateful and you can call him no worse. 
 A man riding a long way would want that on, to hold the gun in place as he rode. 
 It would also seem that a man 
 They ultimately failed and were nearly slaughtered to a man . 
 The Police Ombudsman has found that police were justified in discharging a Taser at a man (Man A) armed with three knives in the Castlereagh area of Belfast in November 2009. 
 It is slow work, so slow that it takes more than our earthly lifetime for God to make a man or a woman into His own image. 
 When love, especially the love of the Spirit of God strikes a man , he is transformed and no longer insists upon his separate individuality. 
 In Indonesia this is heavy-duty rhetoric undermining the national ideals of a family headed by a man and served by a dutiful wife who produces heirs. 
 "Han Solo is a man I raised my children to think of as the epitome of Corellian willfulness run amuck - lacking discipline
 A man named Lynch  with whom Cox had stayed on the Friday night  was arrested as well as Moseley and Fife
 Therefore must a man needs cling fast to its branches, for if he does not, then - Heaven forbid - the mighty wind might blow ..." 
 a man who had looked at Jesus "in the old way  based on outward appearance  status  strength  wisdom
 and the law is in force  that a man must in no case marry his brother''s widow. 
 2) Ebola has arrived on our shores: The worst outbreak in history was brought to Dallas by a man infected in Liberia, earning him the distinction of being the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in America. 
 The chance of adventure as he begins to share his time with her allows us to see a man who is still searching for something more, despite his seemingly contented existence. 
 a position currently held by a man named Richard J. Condon (212) 510-1425. 
 His was an interpretation to fit his role, a man who bowed to no one but the king. 
 Jesus is at once a man of sorrows as well as a man of joy. 
 As Clark he was human, he was a man . with all that implied. 
 Jesus speaks in Matthew 19 that marriage is between a man and a woman. 
 One Manx cleared a man who was over 6'' tall, trying to get away from being dipped. 
 He reportedly caught her cheating with a man in Atlanta. 
 While doing Structural Integration for a man to loosen his lower back, I found his abdomen would tighten up excessively when I just slightly touched it. 
 You''re a man of science, I''m a man of faith. 
 A boy is worth half a man . 
 As a man . 
 debt  foreclosures and business closures - or you can give Mitt Romney a try  a man that built a $250 000
 He tried not to look at her tight bottom, but he was a man after all and not to look would''ve been a sin. 
 Who shoots a man who has surrendered? 
 Very little to distract a man in times like these. 
 And after hearing HELLGA talk for the first time, I''m pretty sure that she was a man at some point in her life. 
 Yambo  experiences just adds such a layer of depth to this story of a man who can remember the artifacts of his life, but not the actual memories of the people and places behind those artifacts. 
 POINT PLEASANT – A man from South Carolina was recently arrested in Point Pleasant during a traffic stop and is now facing a drug charge. 
 A man spreading out fine wood-shavings in the sun (330). 
 Patients walking in the courtyard, patients receiving medical treatment, a man being examined. 
 This Becket wanted to be as great a man as the king  and tried to prevent the proper judges from punishing wicked clergymen
 I knew a man 
 It is his great strength as a politician (or as a man of Asia or Melanesia). 
 David Letterman guest Michael E. Winfield: "I saw a man steal a pregnancy test. 
 There are other issues related to this incident with regard to a man representing... 
 He was a close thinker, a deliberate and careful speaker, and a man of pungent and refined wit. 
 A man and his son get overlooked in all settings where shootings occur. 
 It really is one of the oldest casino games ever played by way of a man and there are many people who claim that it is just about the most exciting games to play. 
 In two brief paragraphs, the article depicts Obama as "prudent," a man of wisdom and restraint who can "be trusted" to use frightening and lethal powers "sparingly." 
 When a man or woman cannot fully enjoy sexual activity, it is known as a sexual problem. 
 But the introduction of renegade Time Lord Zero (Hugh Fraser) gives this segment its power: here we have a man , desparate to effect change, but unable to do so. 
 1 "St. George And The Dragon" 2 "Mama" 3 "Tale Of A Man " 4 "White Sister" 5 "Runaway" 
 put his head in his hands  which were still marked with the white striations of the belt  and sobbed like a man with a broken heart. 
 of understanding moral and social abstractions  of working like two-thirds of a man " and twenty-five to thirty per cent come nearer and nearer to the standard of manhood
 "Well I always thought I''d hate that, some bore of a man crowding into my space  forcing his awful breath on me as I pretended to be in raptures of love and whatever else
 Security guards ignored the ringing of metal detectors while helping a man on metal crutches inside a Florence, Italy, bank. 
 Depp''s the not-so-metro-sexual who''s redefining what makes a man in the 21st century. 
 O my reverend Sons, what, do you bring a man to teach the world a God and his service  Who is without God in the world?--What
 Still somehow he loves the poor Just enough to watch ''em When we take them to death''s door, God is there to snatch ''em. -- A MAN WITHOUT A SOUL. 
 Mohammed rushed out of the cave, near suicidal with despair, for he felt that he had become a kahin, a man possessed by jinn. 
 The story is based around the courtroom, in a battle beween the widow of a man shot dead in a gun crime, and the company that supplied the gun. 
 Kinchen, Oscar A. General Bennett H. Young: Confederate Raider & a Man of Many Adventures. 
 I showed him how to sing it to evoke the raw emotion of a man torn by a painful secret. 
 Neither is the style of the Book of Mormon that of a man 
 Video from the Java Stop shows a man in red, on a bike, riding past a drive-through window until he finally reaches in and takes the jar. 
 a man ) and could-go-either way if fiction because the narrator doesn''t reveal gender. 
 So, instead of focusing on the problem...you team not being as good as you think, why dont you just be a man , realize that its a fantacy team, and deal with STUPID SHIT like me calling my team SHOWTIME! 
 ARLINGTON, Va. (WUSA9) -- A man is dead after a fire at a single family home in Arlington on Thursday morning, Arlington County Fire Department said. 
 although it should be noted that  in biblical language  for a man to "lie with" a man means homosexual activity. 
 But only if it is indeed Virtuous -- WORTHY OF A MAN . 
 Dad has ducked many a man ; and there is a law to make him treat.'' 
 Then a policeman turns up to say that a man has drowned while trying to cross the river - it is her husband. 
 The magistrates, as a man 
 Hunt: Put away that pun and fight like a man ! -"Under the Night" 
 Godfrey was big, strong and quick for a man of his size; He carried an awesome punch
 It''s a generous, thrilling book by a man who might well be America''s most under-recognized literary master
 a man answering the description of Carlucci''s drinking companion step into the highway from a field near Dewitt cemetery. 
 He walks stiffly, slightly hunched in the shoulders, like a man who has fallen off one-too-many horses. 
 He says it happened around 8:30 am; both victims are at Harborview, (updated) a man and a woman  and that "many shots" were fired  The shooter was described as male  Black  short or no hair
 Outward appearance only scratches the surface of what you need to attract a man . 
 A man jumped up and started screaming 
 Broker: A man on the right end of a telephone. 
 These are only a few of the many false doctrines and compromises a man must make in order to be included among the inner circles of mainstream church buildings. 
 A man asked a question about the Nagual Lujan, and the differences between the four lines of passes they had been taught. 
 He is perceived as brilliant because of his manner and his position–and because he is, of course, a man . 
 UNDER THE TABLEJust as a man who "can''t take his liquor" is sometimes actually under the table  so  figuratively
 Klopfenstein testified that she found the invitation "very offensive" because "there is no reason why a man and a woman should go out to lunch together without any other party around. 
 Taliban members executed a man known as Sayid Arif, who they said worked for the Afghan government, by pulling him from his car and shooting him. 
 But why would men who probably would disavow any "advanced" views themselves, support a man like Dr. DeKoven? 
 That was less then 2 months after President Kennedy announced his plans to land a man on the Moon. 
 Sadly, they don''t taste like bacon – they are named after a man named Bacon. 
 Near to her secret and consecrated arbour, While she was in her sleepy and sleeping hour, A man came along, When I did him at this advantage take, An ass''s head I fixed on his head. 
 It does not stop there because I have seen supposedly "Christian" weddings in which a man 
 If a man wants to associate with any political party, that is his decision. 
 "Books serve to show a man that those original thoughts of his aren''t very new at all." 
 I''m calling it: Dani is going to spend the rest of her life looking for a man who will fill the void Binx left when he ascended to the afterlife with his little sister. 
 there has been a tacit moratorium on the amateur psychoanalysis  primarily because in the town where you can see a man dance with his wife, you can now also see Mark Aguirre dive on the floor for a loose ball. 
 He was a man eminently worth listening to in 1896. 
 who in the movie  escapes from his home and is chased by a man who wants to kill him. 
 Gannon brings unexpected pity to the normally crude and despicable character of Lloyd, revealing him as a man with nothing in his life but one woman who he can only abuse. 
 A man of considerable wealth, owning estates, offices and land, Hastings acquired the manor through marriage in 1474. 
 Midnight''s Children (2014) A man on a parade float holds a boa constrictor and sits in a room full of cobras. 
 For a man can''t live without a watch, unless he is a very extraordinary fellow, but every one can live without copper etchings." 
 A man has refysed to use a condom and he did cum all over my pussy. 
 He was a man of prayer--an Apostle of Prayer. 
 Then it began taking the form of a man . 
 Now, while I like the sacrifice more with men on first and second than just a man on first, Utley owns a .555 slugging percentage. 
 Then you have the FAA up in arms because some non-native ornamental trees planted in a man made environment
 He was a man of strong mind and popular manners  and had he been less convivial  and more persistent in his efforts
 During the Inquisition, the Catholics put a man in jail for saying that the Hebrew and Greek was superior to a translation If the Ruckmanites ever gain control
 No stable family can be founded on a marriage between a man and an unpaid whore for whom he cannot have the slightest respect. 
 Candy is a less troubling book than Tidhar''s masterful A Man Lies Dreaming. 
 You could argue that the ''woman overcomes odds to prove she can fight like a man '' trope has been used many a time before. 
 a man . 
 And Paul said: Is he a man only, or spirit? 
 During the argument, and before Martinez was hit, a man who had earlier been in the store with defendant came back inside. 
 During those years this two metre tall Scot, a man of considerable intellectual stature also, made his mark wherever he went and whatever he did. 
 meaning that she is speaking in a double-minded manner  which also means she is lying because when a man contradicts himself in doctrine, it means he is lying somewhere. 
 If a man rejects the Gospel (i.e.  the good news of Jesus Christ and His work of redemption)
 Because "a man''s goings are of the Lord, how then can a man understand his own way?" 
 eyeball  and all that stuff  if I can die that way I''ll feel okay about death in the Bible it say no greater deed can a man do than to give his life  so another may live so after I clear you with the truth
 but defendant''s failure to observe that was the lack of that care expected of a man of ordinary prudence, that is, ordinary negligence without a high degree of probability of injury to others. 
 testified that he was sitting in the office of the dairy company dozing  with his head down on the desk before him  when a man , later identified as Harry Groves, hit him on the head saying, "This is a stick-up". 
 A gospel of good news–for once more, a man living amongst us is heard to affirm  that God is King of the earth  and rides in the wild whirlwind of human deeds
 We are warned in Proverbs 14:12 and again in Proverbs 16:25, "There is a way which SEEMETH RIGHT unto a man , but the end thereof are THE WAYS OF DEATH." 
 After we had tended to a man with tuberculosis a bit further down the road, we passed by Tanzile''s house to say goodbye. 
 "There''s a lot for a man to think about." 
 Clearly one of the best solutions--morality aside--is for a man to have a mistress who takes care of his sexual and emotional needs. 
 have the phallus  and do all the sanctioned  and endorsed things but you can still end up not as a man . 
 A man sets himself down with colours  and with all the articles of painting; he puts a model before him
 a man old enough to be my father -- you are aware of only bits and pieces of the truth. 
 I have known whole-heartedly that you mean nothing more than sex to me  and how can a man of my capabilities possibly respect himself  when he is cashing in all of his intellectual  emotional
 From there the way took me down little farm roads, with a pause to watch a man who seemed to be training his sheepdog rather than herding his sheep. 
 10 Minutes later, I was on the real summit, where I discovered a memorial plate and royal mail model car for a man who had died there in February 2018. 
 a man to create a romance. 
 When it is very difficult to give is when a man suffers great trials of affliction, in which he is hit with loss and financial strain time and time again. 
 And, in the midst of this is our protagonist, a man named Thomas Fool, thus neatly suggesting that what is to come is merely tomfoolery. 
 It was as if to be broken was love, as if the beating was a kind of holding, a man lifting a child in his huge hands and throwing him high in the air
 In the Carl Bridgewater case the Appeal Court accepted the evidence of a man , who, the court conceded, was a pathological liar. 
 She had had to watch her neat professor spouse, a man she thought she knew, become a lean and tanned adventurer. 
 Trump also put his foot in the bucket, tweeting about the composite sketch posted of a man Daniels claimed threatened her in a parking lot "A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. 
 He was a man of discipline who trained everyday to overcome his weakness and to reach a level of perfection. 
 This, to a man who had always been his own master  and who was then engaged in sufficiently lucrative business
 the entire mechanism of sexual arousal is violated: a man may completely lose his interest in sex. 
 Ch. 3. the free fifhery is an exclufive right, the common of pifcary is not fo: and therefore, in a free fifhery, a man has a property in the fifh before they are caught; in a common of pifcary, not till afterwards f. 
 about how she kept telling me I was too old for her and wondered if that meant she was thinking about me as a man . 
 was the size of a large brief case  and could fire 200 000 volts-(enough to knock a man off his feet.) The directed energy pulses can be increased to a lethal dose, if necessary. 
 ● At 4:30 pm Corporal Mayberry arrested a man for driving recklessly in the boat parking lot at the marina. 
 a man named Gil Scott-Heron. 
 chasing a man suspected of robbery through a used-car lot and shooting the man in the face and chest, police said. 
 She went to investigate and found a man – later identified as Earl S. Feathers – kicking a hole in the wall next to the door to her back porch
 at an average of 82.45 and a strike rate of 103.65  and every now and then played a shot of a man with those numbers behind him: an exquisitely delayed jab between backward point and short third man
 I hold it for certain, sir, that not a man in England could be brought to believe that such transactions  in their literal truth
 Some very unnaturally tall dark figure that looked like a man was walking up to me slowly wobbly. 
 And when I did I saw through my TV a figure of a man standing in my window.. 
 character, has been a fruitful source of war, as, for instance, should a man feel himself injured or aggrieved by his own tribe
 p 182  translates ''moko'' as a tattooed face and ''moko mokai'' as the tattooed  decapitated head of a man . 
 One magazine observed that " a man might take a walk along a busy street, and have the book of the season read to him." 
 Noun is just like a man who is located on one spot, whereas the verb whose circumference is nowhere, but whose centre is everywhere. 
 A man described as being in his mid-40s and bald at a Wells Fargo bank in California refused to wear a mask
 It''s nice to have perspective from a man out there seeking his mate. 
 His "personal search" in Jesus of Nazareth, puts back in the center of things this one proposition: Jesus Christ is " a man living on earth who, fully human though he was, at the same time brought God to men, the God with whom as Son he was one." 
 we can share the experience of Moses  we can rise to the spiritual heights of the man who spoke to God face to face as a man speaks to his friend. 
 For 3 years the lampshades were always being turned, knocking, talking which sounded like a man trying to... 
 8:30 am while driving down senator highway a man walking across the highway appeared about 50 feet in front of my car. 
 "When a man loves a woman, he can''t keep his mind on nothing else." 
 As a child I saw the face of a man looking out of my closet pretty regularly, and it frightened me terribly. 
 Dale zink, another person who told a story of a ghost picture in Otterbein Indiana, is very honest! in fact, a man who used to live at this house showed us 2 pictures. 
 When was my older cousin was little she said there was a man in a black hat, and my older brother had a video. 
 a man to walk on water. 
 for you are a man and not a brute; not as a wicked life  for you are a man and not a demon; not as a frivolous life  for you are a man and not an insect. 
 Noticed there was a man walking down the side of rt. 22 walking toward the direction of the cemetery. 
 Appeared to be a man with a top hat and a coat holding hands with a kid. 
 He was tall and handsome and a man of great importance in the west. 
 This vivid portrait of a man demonstrates exceptional skill in the delicate rendering of folds of skin  the smudged tonal effects
 Langeloth 0 miles away: In my house I''ve awaken to a man standing by my bed more than once. 
 Alas! thou seest a man flourish, and within an hour he is dust. 
 When she looked in the mirror in the car she saw a man . 
 Furtado thought the lyrics – a flirty back-and-forth between a man and a woman – were dumb, and the listener does get the sense their attraction is not based on intelligence. 
 If a caricatured Englishman has a bowler hat and briefcase, the French equivalent must be a man on a bike wearing a striped top, a beret and onions around his neck. 
 In another work, a man in a horned hat bashes cymbals together as he drifts down a street, accompanied by a rather sorrowful-looking piper. 
 Prospero was a man possessing supernatural powers and because of these powers he may be regarded as a ''superman'' or ''superior man''. 
 a man (like a jet black shadow but with dimension to it)   and it comes out of the attic(btw the attic in my room
 And when he was led to be beheaded by the commandment of Herod, a man having the palsy cried to him. 
 In a forest near Ellwangen, a man discovered silver coins in 2019. 
 "You know I''m not a man of many words." 
 You know Markus, sometimes I think modern physics is like a man in a boat on the ocean. 
 Sandino was always a man of action and organized the sentiments of the common peasants into revolt. 
 What we want is a man of sufficient stature to hold the allegiance of all people
 If I had my way, no woman would ever have to search for ways to survive life with a man who treats her with anger and contempt! 
 They never saw any man or any picture of a man they thought so beautiful as their own father. 
 Take another word like made: I made a cup of tea; I made a chair; I made good; I made a success; I made a fortune; I made a man of him; I made him happy; God made two great lights; God made the beasts of the earth. 
 a man , maybe an ex-con who is down on his luck ...." CCE''s DC Reentry Initiative is exactly addressing this issue. 
 A man away from home is faced with many problems. 
 Recent history of stairlifts and the models similar to those of today dates back to 1920 in America and a man named C. 
 In 1898, a man named Morgan Robertson wrote a book called Futility. 
 The six-foot-seven shooting guard is playing like a man possessed. 
 This is partly to do with how beautifully Girolamo''s developed, how generously Walton writes a man 
 Just to build on the example though, a female human is much more attracted to a man that is physically fit. 
 A man flew by them, his silhouette against the evening sky striking due to the large metal wings. 
 So when in May 1961 the president announced with words of great import, that America would land a man on the Moon and bring him safely back, a public relations success was almost guaranteed. 
 You shoulda bucked up and taken your licks like a man . 
 We have a man up here in the Great white North that has started up the "Canadian Nationalist Party". 
 Since we will inevitably soon be debating the merits of a man 
 With all these techniques for humbling a man at life''s disposal  the reader  approaching Roth''s new novella  entitled The Humbling  might simply wonder  "Well
 If you can actually marry a kid there, is it just "on paper" or would a man have the right to have sex at such a young age? 
 Why do Christians believe they are born in debt to a man who died 2000 years ago, that they should try to repay this debt but never will? 
 The way I know Peter, he is a man of integrity even if he disagrees with Sean''s views around religion and spirituality. 
 As for how this classic, big-government, machine politician – a man 
 I was a boy when I met Jimmy, John Lee and Lightnin'', but a man when I met B.B. In the nineties
 So, when a man says he can''t even use honey in his iced tea, I try to help where I can. 
 That is, a female Olympic-level athlete can be Yawara''s personality opposite and still gain a following, as well as a man . 
 Sanders, of course, was a man among boys on the gridiron for five NFL teams
 Ashley: Now''s probably not the best time to tell him I''m really a man ... 
 Glad everyone ended up safe . Yes you must always be aware no matter where you are . Trust me on this , it''s never good when a man has to hurt someone or take a life . Not easy to live with it . Glad to turn out with you being able to walk away 
 despite appearing in a few quick scenes in a mere two episodes  Arkin managed to portray Theo Tonin as a man of formidable power and menace -- despite the fact that he never leaves his poolside lawn chair. 
 "Monsieur Delpé was a man too good a man for his wife to leave him in their little store," the writer said, he would lead them straight to bankruptcy. 
 A man has a right to a natural progression to heaven. 
 This the true story of a son taking care of his dying father, a man he didn''t know very well, or even liked, who was diagnosed with brain cancer. 
 Example 3 Imagine that I tell you this story: * A man 
 What better way to make the legend come alive than for her to talk about her husband, to explain he was a man with flaws and struggles, to demonstrate her love and pride for Jackie with every word she speaks. 
 I answered the phone, and a man asked, "Newton?" 
 There is nothing more attractive to a woman than a man who has confidence despite his flaws. 
 " A man like Ron cannot be replaced or easily forgotten," said Juniper Systems President and CEO DeVon Labrum. 
 an early cross for Malen portended what Dortmund could do even after going down a man . 
 and therefore essentially wed to a man with more than one wife or b) wasn''t a male with a minor (slightly antagonistic) role or a Krasian with an Ajin''pal. 
 George Galloway is a fine example of a man on the Left who appears to consider women as inferior. 
 She is extremely observant and can therefore spot a fake, whether a man or a document. 
 Some of the more curmudgeonly amongst us have rather sniffily proposed that what happened next was a man misplacing a pass, nothing better than a hopeful lob of a grenade into a loosely advantageous error. 
 I''m a woman who shaves her armpits and legs (= more surface area than a man covers normally) and it doesn''t take me anymore than 20 minutes to do a good, thorough job. 
 Before anything else, I want to say a quick something about this guy, a man who I''ve sort of pseudo-idolized  teased
 But a man in boxers (woof!). 
 The Lake County Sheriff''s Office said the cat went into the water just after 7:45 p.m. A man jumped in to try and save his pet, causing the canoe to capsize. 
 Based in Alston Road, Hellesdon Pk Road, A Man With Van is a removals company. 
 But for a man of this caliber, there must be a reason for it. 
" and "I ain''t neva been afraid to die/look a man in the eye." 
 a man whose terrifying demeanour has "psycho-waiting-to-be-unleashed" etched all over it. 
 If he cannot supply he usually ''knows a man who can''.. 
 I was so surprised to see Snow hooked up with a man like Jude. 
 Do you know a man about to be released from prison that doesn''t have anywhere to live? 
 By Item Staff | The Daily Item LYNN – Transit Police detectives are asking the public for help identifying a man who allegedly spat on an MBTA bus driver while getting off the vehicle near Central Square. 
 Fucking Gods to a man . 
 A man who advised the police on how to protect children from paedophiles pleads guilty to abusing three young girls. 
 hitch up and move out under a well directed fire of shot and shell  which it did without the loss of a man . 
 Just like Robert Pattinson''s Connie Nikas in Good Time, Sandler''s Howard Ratner is a man 
 In an unofficial and unresearched opinion, it seems to me that the more murder suicide stories they show about a man and his family, the more that occur. 
 showed Tarek walking while speaking on her cell phone  when a man who was a few steps ahead of her turned round and after exchanging a few words with her
 A man takes his family hostage, producing a tense stand-off with police. 
 he could undoubtedly have been financially a man of wealth ; but the acquisition of property was a subordinate and secondary consideration with him. 
 a well established dealer in hardware and farm machinery at Ringsted  is entitled to the credit which is accorded a man who has succeeded through his own unaided efforts as he has at all times been dependent solely upon his own resources. 
 Thus one of the oldest settlers and a man respected for his sterling integrity has passed away
 Indiana  Ves Meeks entered the house of a man named Goodman and shot him in the back, the ball passing through the body and lodging under the skin in front. 
 a man of whom they know nothing whatever beyond his assurance that he is an Inspector of Factories. 
 He is a man of cordial and friendly mariner  enjoys a wide acquaintance throughout this section of the state
 He was a man much devoted to his home and always desirous that his family should he near him. 
 A man goes into the underworld to fetch out his dead wife
 His Last Sickness The deceased was a man of powerful physique and wonderful vitality  but ___ ____ _____ _____ (text missing off copy) to the great Leveler
 The concussion quivered to the very feet of a man and girl who were following a narrow path along the side of the vale. 
 I knocked, heard a woof from within and a man call out, "Come on in, it''s open." 
 A man of parts, that Willie. 
 may be his father''s most dangerous legacy  the patrimony of a man who refuses to accept the limits even of his own mortality. 
 "Sergeant, we found a man in a car outside the station!" 
 He was a man who loved his home and gave the best that was in him for his loved wife and daughter. 
 Men are less likely than women to have a first UTI, but once a man has a UTI, he is more likely to have another because bacteria can hide deep inside prostate tissue. 
 who had in his good nature walked with me a little way on the road  a companion whom I wished on any road but mine– a man without any power of conversation, who only spoke when spoken to, and not often then. 
 One daughter Belle, died in Cincinnati before the family removed to W. Va. The Rev. Arthur was a man of very fine talent. 
 Illinois.) FIND CHICAGOAN FATALLY HURT BESIDE HIGHWAY A man tentatively identified as Frank F. Gleason  6546 Woodlawn Avenue  an electrician out of work
 He was a man of strong faith  of a hopeful disposition and an untiring devotion to the cause of his Master
 The physician was a man of imposing stature and appearance; his long white beard flowed reverently to his waist
 He has successfully conducted the business in that city, and is known as a man of good business principles. 
 while his circumstances and environment had much to do with forming his character  yet on the other hand he was a man of such strength that he largely created his own environment. 
 Sexiest parts of a man in Piper''s opinion? 
 A man might transfer the whole or any part of his property /3/ by delivering possession of it to a trustee who
 He''s a man 
 A police jeep hits a man in Salmabad in Bahraini and keeps speeding away, the man clinging to the hood 
 Gee, can''t a man go in the garden when he has to take a pee? 
 it gives the name of George Wingfield as being a man well in line for the job. 
 Mr. Waldo was a student, a man of careful and wise discrimination
 In the background, a man hangs from chains, while another man walks towards him, appearing to brandish a sword. 
 William J., a practicing attorney at Morrison and Judge of the County Court, is a man of peerless ability and is rapidly attaining a foremost position as a chancery lawyer. 
 Only a man like Keyes will avoid such a fate  and he''ll end up with the Walter Neffs of the world; that is
 Your own memories may help many of you to fill up from the details of daily life the description of a man who will ever be endeared to us as a gentleman monarch and a Christian brother. 
 a man teetering on fate''s tightrope." 
 The idea that a man hunted down and driven for safety into the jungle should suddenly emerge from his place of concealment and
 What kind of world was this, anyway, when a man like him could be shot down by bastards like them? 
 Jesse is on assignment again, to track down and bring into C2 headquarters a man called Ari. 
 He was a man of many friends and had a keen sense of humor. 
 Buying plus sized swimwear, for a man or a woman, can pose a few problems. 
 and all the while he is shadowed by the eponymous Q  another figure whose identity remains hidden  a man who works as "Carafa''s eye", the spy of Cardinal Carafa who seeks to protect the Catholic Church from these new threats. 
 A man who is inclined to your community and is a reproach to ours
 His career as a man of business has been phenomenally successful
 a record that is rarely equaled by a man in any walk of life and probably has never been approached by any member of the city fire department. 
 In the good old days, a man 
 Casual and plainspoken in her own manner, she likes a man who is not awed or overwhelmed by her. 
 A man by the name of Bowen was frozen to death between Prophetstown and Dyson''s farm in Hume. 
 Gerard, who worked among the English in Elizabethan times, speaks highly of Nicholas Owen, a man 
 Tunney was a man apart in more ways than one, and that was his unfortunate problem. 
 He was a man 
 A man of piety and sound mind  calculated to be useful in the ministry  and desirous of its work
 This is way too smart a man 
 He was a man of strong convictions and fearless in his defense for right living, and a terror to evil doers. 
 The further great misfortune of a man of letters is that ordinarily he is unattached. 
 or 1641  where he earnestly espoused the cause of Cromwell and the Parliament  in opposition to Charles I.  became a man of influence and distinction, and was among those who heartily approved of the execution of that ill-fated king. 
 Another boy says he is grateful for "Mr. Moore and my male teachers teaching me to be a man ." 
 There was a man called Abram* who needed to tithe (Gen 14: 18-20); he gave the money to the highest available authority  that is
 It is customary for two men to walk around holding hands but let a man hold hands with a woman and that''s when people will give you dirty looks. 
 No unbeliever would deny the right of a man to overlook a trespass against him. 
 But I was growing older and I hoped some day my shoulders Would be broad enough to swing an axe the way my daddy could But a man ''s got to make his way and earn his living every day There ain''t no work around that maple wood 
 A man 
 a man riding alone on a sleigh. 
 At Gnore Fou was a man from Queensland, Joe Sili. 
 [20] A man with a strong  boisterous  but glorious voice  somewhere in the neighborhood of the hotel  amused himself
 He was a man of excellent character  loyal to his convictions  and a member of the Free - will Baptist Church
 Edmund McNeil, freedman, was arrested & put in jail at Bolivar & then hired to a man in Miss. who took him on the cars, but he jumped off on the way. 
 He began to ask himself the burning questions: "Am I not a man ?" 
 but a couple years after finally leaving Kansas he died with his boots on in Colorado  being shot by a man who it was said had followed him clear from Texas to get him. 
 Unload the fucking GUILT and BE A MAN ... 
 When fate starts to go her way, Charity not only gets a man , but also the potential a life better than this. 
 Is not this to hang a man at his own door, to lay him sick in his own bed of wantonness? 
 For, before a man can be ordained deacon or priest  some vestry  or else twelve men  communicants of this church
 Introducing Daniel Green, a man with a mission: to destroy and rebuild fiction from the ground up. 
 the founder finally selected Charles Gookin  who was reputed to be a man of wisdom and prudence  though  as was afterward learned to the sorrow of the colony
 He knew that a sudden, unexpected question can take a man by surprise, but a woman, never. 
 It was here in Wilkinsburg that a man beat his two old [7/8] horses with fence rails till they were covered with blood
 The story of a man who comes back from the dead  as it were  Chabert is a very different kind of presence than Miguel
 N.Y. In his neighborhood are people who bear the scars of his earlier career - a man whose parents he killed  a woman driven mad by memories of her torture - men and women  Danticat writes
 the lawyer for Leon Mugesera said Mugesera  a Hutu  was a man of integrity who had sheltered ethnic Tutsis during the genocide, and who had Tutsis in his extended family. 
 He was a man highly esteemed by all who knew him. 
 If a man can endure these sorts of shenanigans, then that''s his prerogative. 
 This book was crazy hot and you know I love a man in uniform. 
 The apothecary is sitting on a stair, leaning against the legs of a man who is an incompatible and his business rival. 
 a man to copying the points you require at once I 
 But let us suppose, on the other hand, that a man finds himself faced with the following dilemma: he may profit at someone else''s expense  that is
 the Lord once permitted the demons to migrate from a man into a herd of swine that was grazing nearby. 
 He was a man and he knew better. 
 A man runs to her rescue but falls and gets snake bit, so Dean Martin shoots all the snakes. 
 How sad that a man 
 Note that Janet would rather go out to eat than have her boyfriend try to stop a man from dying. 
 It enables a man , by paying a small sum during health, to draw four dollars a week during sickness. 
 Me was a man of towering form, six feet two inches in height. 
 The computer just subtracts your age from the average life span of a man or woman. 
 If a man goes to the Table unconverted or unforgiven
 We are talking about a man who is really good at helping people overcome mental illness. 
 There''s a Banjo Paterson quote that applies (I''m Australian): '' a man who has done his best, has done enough.'' 
 The series starts off an awkward foot with "Fred and His GPS," starring THE SIGNAL''s AJ Bowen as a man who has just killed his wife and now faces off against a GPS that may hold her spirit. 
 Every Theophany in the Bible, God appears as a man , He doesn''t appear as an animal, He doesn''t appear as some sheep. 
 becomes a man of faith  and then doesn''t flinch when his ally  Marvin
 Published in 1955, PEDRO PÁRAMO is the surreal and haunting story of a man searching the town of Comala for his father, a town populated by ghosts and whispers. 
 She meets a man who owns an auto shop in town
 If a man has this attitude, then his deepest thoughts are most certainly not ruled by reason. 
 Under a pluralistic set-up, a man has a chance to have his work gathered  stored
 They say that one day the Master of Heaven, plucking up a large tree, made a hole leading from Heaven to earth; and a man of that Country, becoming angry with his wife, threw her into this hole, and so made her fall from Heaven to earth. 
 [129] He has appointed in his place, to conduct prayers in the Village in his absence, a man named Louys Thaondechoren. 
 After that the father crossed a river, meeting several sick christians, whom he Confessed; baptizing also a man and a woman, whom he found very well prepared. 
 Well, it''s not quite like murdering a man . 
 At the centre of the project is a man who knew of its conception and, one would hope, would have been delighted by its result. 
 which ping-pongs between the stern patriarch and loving husband to a man infected by an impossible, cancerous madness. 
 You also have the control, whether you''re going solo or with a man . 
 Wherefore [if] a man would be true  or in true faith  he ought to be in the opposite state
 (Clearly a man wrote that quote...). 
 Workplace anger viewed differently by gender Reuters, MSNBC, 3.aug.07 A man 
 Such recognition was a tribute rendered to learning and influence and character in a man who might not be called a typical Connecticut churchman
 But there are other things which a man is afraid to tell even to himself, and every decent man has a number of such things stored away in his mind. 
 A man 
 could never have been induced by government any more than the spirit which impels a man 
 He is too bigoted to concede that Newman loved a man . 
 Wydad played a man down from the 69th. 
 A man stood in the middle of the town square holding a tiger stick. 
 "A San Antonio police officer accidentally shot and killed a man who was being robbed and beaten this weekend
 Police in Boynton Beach investigated an early morning shooting on Saturday after a homeowner said he found a man hiding in his house. 
 The six columns at its base stand eight times the height of a man , and the pediment, urn and columns above the base bring the total height to 43 metres. 
 "A manhunt was launched this morning after builders on a Gorey Village site were allegedly threatened by a man with a gun. 
 Last month''s killing of a man during a dispute over a parking space has revived the conversation about a repeal of Florida''s Stand Your Ground law. 
 This was because a man was arrested entering the Comic-Con with loaded guns, with the intent to kill a special guest. 
 INDIANAPOLIS -- Police said a man 
 Police say a 9-1-1 caller who thought a man was on a downtown rooftop with a rifle was actually looking at a man with a pellet gun who was looking for pigeons. 
 visited the Vatican several times during John Paul''s papacy and called him a man of prayer and deep devotion. 
 an audience member asked Biden how he "could justify the Democrat view on gun control when the shooter was stopped by a man who was legally licensed to carry a gun." 
 Prior to arriving, dispatch advised that a man was shot by a 41-year-old female, who had been defending herself and her 70-year-old mother from the accused attacker. 
 An August shooting that left a man dead on a north Tulsa street might have been an act of self-defense, according to Tulsa police. 
 Le Corbusier''s iconic Modulor Man was in fact well, a man . 
 a man power and that the power comes from how the man controls the gun. 
 One day while I was walking along the streets in town and while passing near a saloon a man behind me called, "Hey! 
 Alice is in love with a man her father does not approve of, so the earl will marry her to a man he does approve. 
 This is evidenced in the fact that an evil man, a man ruled by nothing but love of self and love of the world, can reason acutely, which no animal can do. 
 but opera has divine charms for her musical ear and she is escorted night after night by a man with a pleasing face and a ready tongue. .. She is persuaded to take a glass of champagne. 
 More often, however, the chaplain is a man who says no; a man who risks his credibility, his position, and his future to do what is right. 
 Vincent Rigdon is such a man . 
 Anima is designated as the "feminine qualities" in a man . 
 Her current assignment is to interview the new Lord Brantham, a man born in Scotland, raised in the USA and currently the CEO of a successful importing business. 
 In my opinion, we need not to make a fuss if a man wears a skirt appearing in front in your eyes. 
 A man has ordered Raven to kill a woman named Ophelia because she can kill beings  however
 and futility  of a loud cacophony called a television prime time debate - you cannot explain a point to a man whose job depends on not understanding it. 
 Mr. Davis takes you through his life''s journey from childhood to a man . 
 The police looking for someone to blame looked no further than a man who drifted from town to town. 
 And a man with exploding hands." 
 I loved Ace Spade, as he is a man who has worked hard in life and is now ready to settle down. 
 the New York Times bestselling author of Crazy On You and Rescue Me  once again shows that there''s nothing quite like a man in uniform! 
 The extension could be worth up to $33m and contains $10.5m in guaranteed money–quite a haul for a man making the league-minimum $460,000 this season." 
 The next big thing a man looks for out of a christian singles dating relationship with a woman is that the woman should be trustworthy. 
 A man like no other, Sterlave is a warrior who satisfies her deepest physical needs, even as he strives to win her heart... 
 And how can a man who only wants to eat burgers in peace have caused such problems? 
 PALU - Indonesian police have detained a man 
 This opening track could very well have been lifted off a recent Twice A Man album. 
 At least that is what she expected but never thought of a man like Tyler Mann. 
 There sits a man who has inspired me as much as John Milton has. 
 A man may place certain conditions in his will which the heir must meet before receiving any ... 
 The love of a woman – and indeed, the love of a man   too – is earned; it demands patience  endurance  self-restraint  the ability to listen  the willingness to forgive
 Forest finished a man down after Jordan Lawrence-Gabriel saw red in the 90th minute. 
 to meet a man as wild as the land he loves in this prequel novella.... 
 This is a man focused on the identification of reality. 
 Romania came seventh with an unlikely combination of yodelling and rap while Azerbaijan''s act that came 14th featured a man wearing a horse''s head on a stepladder. 
 A man has a mental breakdown and runs into Mothercare dressed in an elephant costume. 
 But Heywood never really convinces as a man – no amount of suit wearing and posturing can hide her high cheekbones and feminine beauty. 
 "Professor Lejeune was a man of great faith  a brilliant geneticist
 a man to drink), I did have one cat, Woodrow Wilson, who loved to ride in cars. 
 Ladies really are trying to find an eternity lover for a man together with whom they can raise young children. 
 One of his works shows a man dressed in black riding a camel
 Between midnight and 1 a.m., a security camera at a residence in the 700 block of Princeton Avenue captured an image of a man walking alone toward the Atwood Ranch, where Shelters body was later found. 
 Compare a man with an ape. 
 This is a story about a man dealing with depression. 
 He wants to just be a man and wants to know why he has to take on the gods. 
 It is not fulsome praise to tell a man to his face that he has done his duty well. 
 He was leisurely walking down a street when he saw a man thrust his hand into a lady''s pocket. 
 I believe the Chinese Communist parties  I think the central liaison director of the Communist party  a man who was very high-ranking within the Chinese Communist party  I believe is headed for North Korea
 Skilled at clever, quick-fire wordplay and comic songs, Idle might be best known for his "nudge nudge" sketch, in which a man sidles up to a stranger to interrogate him about his wife with a barrage of sexual innuendo
 The whale, which could weigh about four tonnes, was first spotted at on Friday morning by a man on a train and has since attracted massive public and media attention. 
 Judy had been visiting Defendant''s cellmate, a man named Paul. 
 MCALESTER, Okla. -- A man 
 ...[T]he woman who works is not regarded as supporting the couple in the same sense as does a man ; there are a great many for whom "outside work" represents within the frame of marriage only a matter of fatigue. 
 Officers conducted an area check of the bike racks by the Sixth Street garage on Jan. 9 when they noticed a man talking on his cell phone while straddling a bike. 
 Usually, when someone from Zion Lutheran Church died, the church would call a man who lived nearby and ask him to help with the graves. 
 One such program called Red Dust Healing is allowing this process to begin so our men can stand as a man , husband and father. 
 One his Lieutenants was a giant of a man named Vargas, who abandoned the expedition and with a band of followers, headed inland in search of Indian gold. 
 There were twelve hours of the daylight, and during this daylight a man could see clearly where he was walking. 
 I am a man of wit!" 
 he indeed refers to the testimony of Mr. WATKINS (with whom many of these Blacks lodge) but Mr. WATKINS is not a man 
 "Why, Kennedy was asked in the township of Pippa Passes, was a man reared to a multimillionaire''s comforts concerned with the plight of Kentucky''s poor? 
 Even after the fall it''s not necessary that a man have a nervous breakdown. 
 Governor Moore carried the forces back to Carolina without the loss of a man .** 
 But then there''s that business about not wanting a cabinet post "under a man 
 If, then, a clergyman has to be a man of wide sympathies and general knowledge  so as to understand his fellow-men
 That polka dot sweater is so cute, I love that its 3D Those books are such a cute gift idea, sadly I don''t have a man to give it to 😉 
 This week''s roundup also features Tex Cobb, Miami Dolphins and a man kicking off in an offy  next to Paul Ince1) The WSL gets going this week
 There is something sad and poignant that a man destined for greatness would die without his full potential being realised. 
 His death deprived Douglas County of a man of keen and constructive intelligence whose labors always directed along developing lines
 A man of authentic faith seeks Truth and doesn''t deny reality
 Before I sat down I asked the servers, a man and a woman, if the restaurant had a cat. 
 Do we--did Newman, as a man 
 plus scaffold frames  tubes and fittings ... what I mean is  that student on holidays  a man fresh from another industry, or even a BL off a jack-pick is not going to fill your job or mine, overnight. 
 a man 
 He is a man of authority and a powerful person in the Roman empire. 
 So He says "If a man has loved Me  he will keep My words;" and then "We " that is the First and Second Persons of the Trinity
 and I in him  the same beareth much fruit: for apart from me ye can do nothing. 6 If a man abide [667] not in me  he is cast forth as a branch  and is withered; and they gather them  and cast them into the fire
 "He that steals a man and sells him, or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death." 
 Og  who was a man by all historical records was a man approximately nine and a half feet tall; he was a man probably taller than Goliath. 
 But the progress of a man of reflection will be, to a considerable degree, in the path he has already entered. 
 In fact, while we have no proof that a man has changed his mind  or manner of thinking
 I heard a pistol fire and heard a man holler. 
 There is a case in texas where a man with a very healthy back account is charged with arson  kidnapping and rape
 Fielding wrote that this scene ''is enough to make a man deaf to look at''. 
 Yet u and others have a problem when someone states that he is a man ? 
 but reality tells i that i was born from a woman as is everyone else - so i am not going to let words dictate to i that a man is better than a woman and she should bow to him. 
 by 5 o''clock a man knows what he has been doing. 
 I bought the pile of bits from a man who has a stainless engineering company so it came with most bolts and nuts in stainless. 
 a man and a woman. 
 NSW police are appealing for information about a man who allegedly followed a woman while jogging on McDermott Drive in Goulburn on Monday afternoon. 
 She cursed her sex, wishing she had been born a man but corrected herself. 
 On June 19, 2015 police were called to Pat''s Bar in Enniskillen after a man , McGoldrick, had become aggressive and was asked to leave. 
 I thought you might be interested in this item at http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/262718572 Title: The way of a man with a maid Publisher: London : Harper Perennial, 2009. 
 Ranged Combat:[good] Ever seen a man hurl an axe through the skull of a troll? 
 Later in the conversation, he acknowledged a man who had disrespected his family: "I socked him ... jumped him and started beating him." 
 NOT GUILTY: A man has been cleared of murder after shooting his Parkes neighbour in 2019 after a row over barking dogs. 
 "Did Sajid Javid look like a man who''s about to throw in the towel or about to be knocked out of the contest?" 
 Writing at the time of the Cold War Burke reminds us that ''persuasion involves choice, will; it is directed to a man insofar as he is free.'' 
 A man has faced Dubbo Local Court charged after two police pursuits in Coonamble. 
 Born Asaf Borger, he is a man of many names and many talents, but one this stands isolated in the spotlight; hearth-shattering demolition dubstep. 
 Amos Phillips received head wounds and a brain injury after a man broke into his truck, demanded money and beat him. 
 That is easy to say for a man who sold his business for £20 million and probably still earns hundreds of thousands a year. 
 Officers attached to Orana Mid Western Police District arrested a man and woman, aged 31 and 32, at the location. 
 Aiona and Carroll also favor defining marriage as between a man and a woman, and oppose abortion rights, though Carroll said he once was staunchly pro-choice. 
 That a man has lost his life because of something he did will never leave him. 
 dignified and magnificently unembittered * The Times * This life of a man who has been a political activist for fifty years
 You can see 2 AK''s and at least one actual RPG around 3:30-3:45 (Pic) . Next, they see a man peeking around the corner and pointing what looks like an RPG at the infantryman about four blocks away. 
 Jim has impressed me as a thoughtful neighbor, a good listener, and a man of service. 
 further downstream and being swept away faster than a man could run. 
 Either way, once you remove the "meet cute" topping, you start to have some BIG problems with a man essentially abducting (and  depending on how closely you look at it
 A couple also had an encounter with a man 
 There are horses with all their trappings, dancing girls and a man with a quiver on his back- wearing on his head what looks like a European style crown (see photo). 
 A man 
 LIFE AFTER DEATH researchers have shared the incredible account of a man who lost consciousness after being choked as a child – an incident he claims left him in a realm of complete darkness. 
 You have the arms and legs and even the face of a man . 
 Ruth, in his days as a baseball player, was a man of gargantuan appetites and a somewhat gruesome sense of humor. 
 In 1948, a man incites prisoners of Shimane Prison to the biggest riot in jail history. 
 Topock, Arizona – According to a report by Mohave County Sheriff''s Office, a man was imprisoned earlier last month on suspicion of extreme DUI  which
 [21] For since by a man {came} death, by a man also {came} the resurrection of the dead. 
 It was the case of a man being so ugly that his maker used him experimentally to gauge the intelligence of his felloAvs. 
 Joe named several harmless explanations of varying plausibility, but you both seem incredulous at the thought that a man with a gun could possibly have the intention of harming someone. 
 Yet it is well known that a man could not survive for long leading the housewife''s life–-on duty sixteen hours a day, seven days a week for many years. 
 "But, my good Jacques," protested Livarot, "is there any credit in settling a score with a man by slitting his throat while he sleeps?" 
 [11] "For who among men knows the {thoughts} of a man except the spirit of the man which is in him? 
 "Penelope broke it off with him and he''s a broken shell of a man ," replied Ron. 
 A true giant of a man   Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874–1936) was a controversial journalist  essayist  novelist
 But she notes with a knowing smile: "I don''t think it''s the kind of question that would have been asked of a man ." 
 S trip in July, said the Nigerian President was a man of honour and integrity. 
 Thus she advanced as far as the font, four paces; and then, raising her shy eyes, she beheld a man crouched on hands and knees in front of her. 
 They discovered that Piria, a man who has trouble with big words himself
 His rich baritone has gospel cadence, a Southern warmth, and the wisdom of a man who has had more time than most to reflect on his fate. 
 A man 
 As for instance, a man is angry enough with you to give you a slap in the face; but the custom says, he must shoot you through the head. 
 Jon Bernthal spent time in jail as a teenager, was menaced at gunpoint in Moscow in his twenties, and nearly killed a man when he was thirty-two. 
 "So you tell him I represent a man I don''t even know; a man he''d probably like to shoot on sight. 
 Take away breath and a man suffocates. 
 A man hurls bottles from his roof onto the street. 
 A man answered it and 
 Zeidman has also asked that no policeman be stationed near the mission or summoned unless a man is too drunk or obstreperous to listen to reason. 
 Almost to a man 
 A man in Boehner''s position is under intense scrutiny from both sides of the political spectrum. 
 A soldier at the scene described him as " a man resigned to his fate." 
 a man of such morally reprehensible and perverted habits and tendencies. 
 The assorted junk a man 
 What a woman really likes is a man who grooms himself  because it indicates that lies aware of women and takes them seriously  and the use of scent
 A man 
 Sisterhood is Powerful was written at a time when women were still defined by their relation to a man and by motherhood, and before they had control over their reproductive options. 
 Said Peterson, with the air of a man 
 doesn''t matter whether a man brushes his hair or not when he can think and speak like that." 
 unfair to his riding workers and to the opposition parties for him to try to appeal to the voters as a man above politics, particularly in as volatile an area as Sudbury. 
 At one point, a man was shot dead and his body thrown onto the tarmac during a stopover in Beirut. 
 Looking to make a comeback after his exile from Hollywood, real-life director John Huston plays Hannaford as a man dealing with the end of the Golden Age Hollywood system to the days of the New Hollywood artistic freedom era. 
 He was in the position of a man sentenced to death who has to congratulate the jury on its judgment. 
 He firmly believes a man goes further simply by being himself than by trying to put on airs and ape someone else. 
 But as they gather around a redshrouded war drum in the centre, the overwhelming presence in this hall is that of a man who is no longer among them: the shadow of Nelson Small Legs Jr.
 It is the open mind that qualifies a man recovering from ill-advised action with misdirected anger. 
 The employee reported that a man entered the store, displayed a handgun and took $110 from the cash register, according to police. 
 I love how you said that for you it was always about her winning her freedom than winning over a man . 
 "I''ve never known a man who worked any harder than he did." 
 A MAN 
 True story – There was a man called "Corky." 
 The Nobel PEACE prize committee would do well to clear its tarnished reputation by giving a very brave young man; a man 
 AN EMPLOYEE reported that a man fraudulently purchased items from the Kay Jewelers store in the Lincolnwood Town Center  3333 W. Touhy Ave.
 This was the life Peter had been searching for, a life in w''hich a man got ahead not on work but on ideas. 
 It is not the same for a man , who can imagine himself attractive and a seducer at 80. 
 Show society that there''s more to black men than being the poster for "masculinity" Its a problem when a man cant even wear certain colors or eat certain foods without being called gay. 
 As we returned to our residence after the sweat lodge, a man walked up to our door to greet us. 
 Beamed across the vastness of the dark universe, his words yearn for a man cosmically out of his reach. 
 an advanced socialist  but not a man of action. 
 Mykonos, Greece – A Miami drag performer is being hailed a hero after pulling a man from a burning car while in Greece. 
 "Sex is about everything but sex," exclaims Natasha*, "when a man has to make me cum with anything other than his penis I just feel like they''re doing me a favour." 
 A man cannot conspire with himself. 
 I only see the back of a woman''s head with her hair in sort of loose pony tail and blurry image of a man . 
 And then I look at Diana Gabaldon, who equates 16-year-old me to a man in his forties writing graphic sex between him and her 21-year-old daughter and giving it to her. 
 It is also a man who believes making a name for himself is more important than your search for answers to questions you care about. 
 If a man shows up at a formal dinner–or in church–wearing a baseball cap it''d be perceived as rude and irreverent. 
 "Years ago. a man 1 worked for. 
 A couple of years ago I was meeting new people at a WWP board meeting when I had a conversation with a man who was privileged to partake of an earlier generation than myself. 
 An Islamic State-affiliated Twitter account has posted an image of a man it claims to have been the shooter, although there has been no official IS statement. 
 Save the whale,save the sea potato,save the tata''s– give me a break will ya...... this woman was obviously harrassing a man trying to make a living legally. 
 A man who doesn''t own his own story is a slave to his historian. 
 1 sat not long ago swapping drinks with a man in his middle twenties who works in an advertising agency. 
 She wasn''t sure how she was going to do it, but she read about a man 
 Claimed photograph of a man crying for slain members of his family: 
 His presence as '' a man with a gun'' on the street has frightened citizens enough to call 911 to report ''a man with gun.'' 
 Albert Einstein once stated, "The greatest tragedy in life is when that which lives inside a man has died while the rest lives on." 
 A South Philadelphia gun shop owner shot and killed a man trying to break into his store early Tuesday morning amid heightened looting concerns. 
 Police launched a manhunt and in the late morning were reported to have arrested a man who was in critical condition with a gunshot wound. 
 a man often shrugged off as too difficult. 
 In once instance a man 
 Content-wise you were screwed - either picture a man beating a defenseless girl, or have an experienced, soulless man balk for no reason. 
 Surviving the years of fear was enough for a man of my generation to forget that the monsters were still out there. 
 In 1945, a man named Vere Cornwall Bird was elected to the Antiguan colonial legislature. 
 A man he met at the Atlanta forum then nominated him for the February event in Washington. 
 Ona final note, it never seems to come up that a man 
 a man hiding from sexual assault charges. 
 Are there any particularly hard aspects for Paul, as a man working in the beauty industry? 
 The Holly King was depicted as a powerful giant of a man covered in holly leaves and branches, and wielding a holly bush as a club. 
 It describes a person (usually a man   and Coleman notes this by using the male pronoun throughout the chapter) who  at an early age
 As a practical matter, there is no force precluding a man from taking his own life. 
 Brady is a man on a mission and I look for him to put on a vintage performance here. 
 In Pioneer Square, a man approaches another man standing at a bus stop and hits him after saying, "This is a gay bashing day!" 
 So, they waited out the night at the home of a man who houses and employs young men of legal age who have left the twin communities. 
 a man with a different skin colour and life history to himself? 
 A man can dream right? 
 In Episode 8 of The Family of Things, Helen Shaw''s guest is a man 
 On that site, there also is a link to a man named Paul Gray
 The JST leaves out the clause "seeing I know not a man ". 
 Good Includes The man Who Shot Liberty Valance and A Man Called Horse. 
 his broad veins of ignorance  prejudice and suspicion  he at first glance seems unique; a man fascinating in his intricacy even to those who most detest some of his traits. 
 ( A man not given to understatement, he called it "The Beast." 
 "I was with Mujahid while he was performing tawaf around the Kaba  and a man came to him and asked whether the days (of fasting) for kaffara had to be fasted consecutively, or could they be split up. 
 Malik said about a man who bought camels or sheep or dry goods or slaves or any goods without measuring precisely
 Bk 41, Number 41.5.19: Malik related to me from Hisham ibn Urwa that his father said that there was only one hadd against a man who slandered a group of people. 
 a youth who grows up worshipping Allah  a man whose heart is attached to the mosque when he leaves it until he returns to it
 For a man who goes to college and then works for 14 years  his total after-tax spending ability is $457
 the trope of women in conflict over the attention of a man and a modern version of the ''Cinderella'' story in ''The Bachelor''. 
 Avery is a man with all the privileges Luke lacks, and yet he too is found wanting, struggling in a world in which he doesn''t quite fit. 
 Why didn''t you take that stupid suit off and fight it like a man ? 
 p. 13: Quotes a letter from Hearn: "I think a man must devote himself to one thing in order to succeed: so I have pledged me to the worship of the Odd  the Queer
 And if the Atlantic continues to bleed money, will Bradley – a man of fine research and fine character
 Please see my message on sins of ignorance vs wilfully sinning) and he even tried to insinuate that a man wanting sexual relations with his own wife is SIN. 
000  so Millionaire Doc can see if the cure he has found to work on a mouse will work on a man . 
 The film will tell the colorful story of legendary musician Moondog, and uncover the motivations of a man determined not only to create original music but to live a truly original life. 
 The rabbit, he had discovered after a bit of surveillance, was a man of habits; he could usually be found at Mahanish''s near the airport. 
 And then when it''s time to leave a party, how come it takes a woman 2 minutes and a man 2 hours? 
 some that him had no actual head and his eyes seemed to be in his chest  other times Mothman is described more like a man with wings or more like a huge bat, but always with the red eyes. 
 Beverly  by Mr. George P. Bull  coroner  on the body of a man named John Westfold, a painter by trade, who was found dead in a wood-house adjoining the premises. 
 Those were stunning words from a man who had helped make the smallpox program the organization''s greatest achievement, then or since. 
 He was a man who naturally looked on the bright side of things, but the books he wrote (or had ghosted) were a bit too much. 
 These include a rainstorm in " A Man to Match the Land" where he appears in a long rain slicker we have not seen before. 
 Lord George Hill is doing all that a man can do... 
 The "Labour" Prime Minister of Britain at the time of writing is a man 
 A man may wrap his arms involuntarily around his partner and hold on tightly
 sent me a letter from thence which came to hand Yesterday  he says the all the Indians that way will rise to a Man to take Oswegatchy 
 Bill Henderson had the greatest motivation to research cancer a man can have, his wife was killed by cancer chemotherapy "treatment". 
 Matthew 15:18 NIV But the things that come out of the mouth come from the heart, and these make a man ''unclean.'' 
 with no regrets  to his subordinate  Commodore Robert F. Stockton  a man 
 Without a doubt, Daniel was a man of considerable power in Babylon. 
 "Momma K, do you think a man can change?" 
 In the not-distant-enough future, a man takes a boat trip up the Susquehanna River with his most trusted friend, intent on reuniting with his son. 
 You say that I am a man of too few words, but against the sea of needs, words are weak as sand. 
 But neither was Jefferson a man to neglect making his influence felt. 
 Another very special way a man 
 Charm hadn''t been a man of many words, but he always listened. 
 The camp is full of fugitives wanting to start again, and Jack could use a man with S45 training." 
 Khan believes that this is because she is (a) not a soldier and (b) not even a man , but she doesn''t rule out other possibilities. 
 say  the coolly intriguing Jordan Baker or the terrible Tom Buchanan  but on narrator Nick Carraway  a man whose role is to operate unobtrusively on the sidelines, noticing and, famously, reserving judgement. 
 Would it not be possible for quantity of wool to accumulate if a man bought bags that had contained that particular wool? 
 The Hunter and the Owl: Lenape legend about an owl that gave a man good luck at hunting. 
 A man across the street yelled something over the early traffic. 
 In childhood, a man lives by his five senses  in a wholly sensual life; in greater maturity
 Yet Stepan Trofimovitch was a most intelligent and gifted man, even, so to say, a man of science, though indeed, in science... well, in fact he had not done such great things in science. 
 John Webber, a man about sixty years of age
 also a red lamp  and the practice of sending a man through with the boats to be discontinued." 
 A Man Arrested For Marijuana Possession
 ''It is hard enough for a man to do that  with all the traditional schooling men have had; for a woman
 It was especially prevalent in the South, and for many a man it must have dulled the fragrance of the magrolia blossoms. 
 It was very important for the Parliament to amend the Marriage Act to define marriage as between a man and a woman. 
" after George Eliot  who wrote "Silly Novels by Lady Novelists" as if she were a man , but she wasn''t:. 
 How is this very mortal shell of a man going to turn himself into the Nureyev god? 
 she said  "HOW CAN THIS BE  SINCE I DO NOT KNOW A MAN ?" 
 in which three billions DNA codes organize the life of a man in the right form. 
 While killing time looking at maps, cleaning our weapons, BS-alating, etc. a man with obvious features of an Afro-American, but with extremely ashen complexion, came barging into our place. 
 On Thursday, the 19th inst., an inquest was held at Dunfanaghy, before F.G. Long, Esq., Coroner on the body of a man named JOSEPH McLAUGHLIN  a shoemaker  aged 38 years  a native of Rathmullan
 the Swamp Fox  some of Simms''s most treasured manuscripts  and from the pen of a man whose worth and symbolic significance Simms knew far better than most. 
 In the Sky-World there was a man who had a wife, and the wife was expecting a child. 
 If there is no other hold for the ring on a man there always is the protective tariff. 
 Her father was betrayed by a man who had always been his friend
 10/6/2019 - A man was found by a deputy sleeping in a ditch around 2:30 p.m. after responding to a call. 
 WALTER We''ve got a man down, Dude. 
 Women needs to be internet dating a man 
 This comes from a man who knows both sides. 
 Like so many others I owe so much to Jock McLean a man that had great foresight, Engineering talent and ambition and started a Company that gave so much to many people. 
 or a man being slowly turned on a spit over a fire, become pretty funny in and of themselves. 
 Fortunately I know a man in the trade and he has managed to source me a bronze screen with a blue top tint which is a bit unusual. 
 I really don''t like listing favorites, but I''ll name a few: The Bible A Man Called Outlaw, and Behold the Dawn by K. 
 verse 1: I knew a man 
 yes sir  three bags full! twg www.thatweirdgirl.com --- The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. --Samuel Johnson 
 But a man who trusts you - buys you weapons! 
 Sonam proved to be a man of great tolerance. 
 what it reproves him  what it convicts him – while a man is alive on the earth. 
 As a child I knew a man called Mos (Moses) Williams. 
 Blanche DuBois  a fading Southern belle fallen on hard times  chastises her sister Stella for marrying a man Blanche deems too common. 
 This is how God touches a man from without. 
 2 as a man chastens his son, so the LORD your God chastens you. 
 4 Again, I considered that for all the difficult labor and skillful work a man is envied by his neighbor. 
 It doesn''t get more random than a man without a home! 
 Here is an authoritative record by a man who was deeply involved in the movement from youth to old age  whose knowledge of it was unrivalled
 In this example, there was the brown face of a man , a brown table, a brown chair and a bed that had a brown frame but a blue bedspread. 
 But if a man stares upon her with crude intent in mind, he is guilty of adultery. 
 It was a skewed version of "make some money, but you also gotta know how to please a man ". 
 When God wants to use a man greatly he is often crushed greatly #yield." 
 A man snatches the first kiss  pleads for the second  demands the third  takes the fourth
 It shows the types of pressure and strain on internal anatomy that occurs when a man is stooped at a desk. 
 "I received a call from the control room saying that a man died after a tree branch fell over him at the cemetery in T P Chatram. 
 to a top secret military base in the Nevada desert  Wolfe''s journey will ultimately lead her to a man who would obliterate civilisation. 
 a man 
 In the meantime I keep remembering what Henry David Thoreau said: "If a man advances confidently in the direction of his dreams to live the life he has imagined
 The play tells the tale of a man , Woyzeck, whoâ€TMs providing for his family while battling poverty. 
 Dangling above the pot, a man with his hands tied together with rope, struggled to free himself. 
 And Daniel saw the likeness of a man , and as the Son of Man coming to the ancient of days (Dan. 7.9, 13). 
 Let us not seek to learn a new faith, destructive of ancient tradition, St Paul says, "If a man teach any other Gospel than what he has been taught, let him be excommunicated" (Gal. 1.9). 
 and is fit to receive the shape of a man : then it produceth mature infants  which are called infants of the seaventh moneth [month]
 In Buffalo, he shot and killed a man by the name of Charlie Johnson
 And the vertue of it is that it maketh a man chast that beareth it with him & it giueth benevolence or well willing of great Lords. 
 And it is good for to beare with him: for it holdeth a man hool, but a sicke man hold he it not with him. 
 I mean, a man that age with a girl that age would be grounds for lynching." 
 A man 
 God the Father was the shepherd to Jesus when he was a man on Earth. 
 the King covered by a "beehive" shaped garland  is accompanied by his Consort or Lady (formerly a man dressed as a woman). 
 There was a young girl of Pitlochry, Who was had by a man in a rockery. 
 The dedication of such a man is evident in the time consuming efforts expended by Dr.Panin. 
 like the Wolf pretending to be Little Red Ridinghood''s grandmother  or a vampire pretending he''s a man about town. 
 A young Liberal MP who delivered Stephane Dion 250 leadership votes is the son-in-law of a man police have interviewed in connection with the Air India bombing case. ...- http://www.nationalnewswatch.com/ 
 " A man wearing prison stripes"...." 
 The Gnostic Saviour has no human nature, he is an æon, not a man; he only seemed a man , as the three Angels who visited Abraham seemed to be men. 
"spotted a man in a hospital gown lying on the ground outside emergency at City Hospital Monday morning." 
 On the Khemraj Ramjattan issue, he said, "Ramjattan is a man I would like to have in my team, Ramjattan has integrity." 
 who is against you  and after praise God  and only God Our text (John chapter 9) starts with Jesus seeing a man who was blind from birth. 
 The question to ask is why would Alberto Gonzales a man who unhesitatingly sends US Citizens to Guantanamo to be tortured be willing to cut Berger a deal? 
 was sentenced under the country''s Islamic-based law to 90 lashes for the "crime" of being alone with a man not related to her. 
 Which means, to most that he is a man of his word, even in the face of attacks, smears and drive-by shoot-from-the-lips. 
 It smeared a man who, truly, did not deserve it. 
 God was once a man and man can become God. 
 this interest may be carried to extremes - as in the case of a man I used to meet on the Brodheads. 
 They may be termed believers in the doctrine that when a man is not only willing  but actually leaves all to obey the divine injunction "Go-Teach all Nations
 Domestic violence can take place between a man and a woman  a parent and a child  a sister and a brother
 I ask you and all the believers to pray for me that I may fight like a man against sin and death, the flesh and the world. 
 Nine patients were women and one was a man . 
 saith Jehovah of hosts  even mine own possession  in the day that I make; and I will spare them  as a man spareth his own son that serveth him. 
 They say a woman''s sexual peek is at 35... only one more year to go! better find yourself a man (or at least a little something something to make yourself happy!) 
 He bears himself like a man of 1860, not like a studious actor in a costume picture. 
 Anything a man adds after that is the beginning of a new argument. 
 (The moment I stop believing in him, ''Averroës'' disappears.)" So it is that the writer, who imagines a man and is only capable of putting him into words as a poor Golem  is himself made to play the role of the Golem
 Of all possible observers, methought, a woman, like Zenobia, and a man , like Hollingsworth, should have selected me. 
 1848) asserts  "When Nature was shaping him clay  was not granted / For making so full-sized a man as she wanted / So, to fill out her model, a little she spared / From some finer-grained stuff for a woman prepared" (64). 
 On the eve of his wedding, a man returns to his school and dreams about his time there. 
 An alien appears in front of a man standing stripped by a large body of water. 
 A man who makes the journey gains pious reputation and earthly reputation. 
 The Rugrats go to the fairground and go looking for Reptar, who turns out to be a man named Leo who is addicted to Reptar cereal. 
 He advanced and held on to the argument that if a man believing personally that Jesus Christ had died for him  and that his sins were under the blood
 Pilate and Herod''s part in the handing over of a man they believed innocent - scourged  crowned with thorns and a royal robe put on
 Exemplified by Edward Bernays, a man 
 their behaviour starts to attract unwanted attention from the Deputy Chief (Ving Rhames)  a man determined to clean up the system from within. 
 a man , He bids him come and die." 
 His defenders called him the century''s great innovator, a man who brought light, space, and innovation to a dangerously unsanitary city. 
 The result is a new perspective view of a man who was ahead of his time and is increasingly relevant in today''s contemporary art and architecture discourses. 
 his performance beautifully complemented by Orion Lee as King-Lu. on the run from killing a man . 
 She basically alienated her family, flew to a different country that she didn''t know, all for a man that she barely knew. 
 So as I was strolling along the sidewalk, bracing against a cold morning, a man walked past and he greeted me with, good morning. 
 There is a man by the name of Knolle Shelley who is an excellent brass caster and gives a very interesting talk/demo. 
 They deserve better than a man with no medical training.'' 
 There was a man already seated there
 I have never yet seen a man who can perceive his own faults and bring the charge home against himself." 
 referring to it in his novel Kidnapped as ''a wearier looking desert a man never saw''. 
 I was, inevitably, a fish out of water, a man from our world turned into a pointless dunce, unable to even light a fire. 
 Now they knew that this couldn''t have been a man , it was just to big. 
 Kachikwu, a shrewd manager and bureaucrat has won the portrait of a man in a hurry to fix the sector with out-of-the-box ideas. 
 Like his father he wasn''t a man of just one profession: apart from being a musician he was active as a lawyer, administrator, philologist and writer. 
 Another little nugget was during the episode we saw a married couple, a beige-y woman and a man in gray chewing on a carrot. 
 And from that time, Cooney felt, ''Well, here''s a man of God. 
 This from a man who has been in constant contact with whitemen for 20 years. 
 Their minds are feeble, like the muscles of a man who never did any physical exercises. 
 A man who fought tooth and nail to reach the summit of the sport was modest and unassuming. 
 20 Tips to Maintain a Healthy Loving Marriage from a Man 
 Murphy – the star witness against Drew in the Marsden case and against a man 
 a man died of COVID-19 in one of their senior living facilities. 
 How could we support a man who so openly boasts about groping women? 
 The UUP are running with Dermot Nesbitt, a man with a long history in politics dating back nearly 25 years to his election to Down Council in 1981. 
 society is in grave danger  as Hitler had demonstrated  and as the failure to deny such a man the grip on power, illustrates. 
 A man does not want to be dominated by a woman. 
 Luis knew a man named Jesus, who operates a furniture upholstery shop. 
 Among these children, a man and a woman were walking about  talking quietly to them  and carrying sick children into the house
 almost always ranked lieutenant-colonel  though acting commanders of lower rank were sometimes found until a man had been confirmed in the position, or if he was only replacing the lieutenant-colonel temporarily. 
 aa bbw wants to receive oral sex/no recip (78130, New Braunfels, TX, Comal County) looking for a man 
 ***Secret friend*** - w4m (Spring Hill, 34608 , Hernando County) Looking for a man no strings attached willing to be my secret friend with benefits. 
 THIS STORY about a man and fish (a shortraker rockfish
 You control a little boy (or maybe a man ) who is trapped in a dungeon filled with pools of lava and water. 
 Kidnappers in Nigeria have seized a man who was sent to deliver a ransom payment to secure the release of dozens of abducted school children. 
 If a man does not physically feel like "getting it on" he may still do so out of a sense of obligation, but his heart isn''t in it. 
 Take away his 4 hit performance against Pittsburgh and the Captain has been playing nothing like a man who deserves the "C". 
 In ancient times, a man was considered a youth until forty. 
 All qualities in a man 
 A new Channel 4 documentary is to explore the unexplained events surrounding the death of a man at the home of TV presenter Michael Barrymore. 
 A woman just isn''t going to want to see a man again if she doesn''t feel emotionally connected to him. 
 Sharpless was accused of exhibiting for money a painting of a man and a woman in an ''''indecent posture.'''' 
 and indeed most of freedoms I might have to say  have sex with a man 
 What it all spoke of was of a man keen to do things his own way  in his own time  and one increasingly frustrated with his personality
 the ones that allowed fans to witness the spectacle of a man dribbling two balls at the same time and shooting from everywhere that early, anyway. 
 a man had 1 eye on his forehead & 1 eye near his nose what was his name.... 
 A titanium ring is perfect for a man who feels wearing jewelry is feminine. 
 almost physical pain at trying to imagine what could possess a man to shoot little children at random. 
 Among these is Terje, a broad-shouldered giant of a man who''s hiking the route with Bossa, his equally thickset Rhodesian Ridgeback. 
 "This a man we want to put a statue of on town property in Great Barrington? 
 An Argentine judge has asked Colombia and Lebanon to help arrest a man suspected of orchestrating the 1994 bombing of a Jewish charities building in Buenos Aires that killed 85
 a man , and who is like thee in Israel? 
 Yeah I know what you mean, I was talking with a few of my mates in another classic car forum I used to belong to & everyone to a man said they wouldn''t consider any future classic that had a plug at all It had to be a pure ICE car or nowt. 
 So, on the one hand, you have a man who has kept his promises by regaining control over the money from the hydrocarbon industry
 In this way a man may transcend the defilements that afflict living things during the kalpa of impurity. 
 So yelled a man in a bow tie from his perch above a sea of bitcoin enthusiasts ready to buy and sell the virtual currency on Monday night. 
 Architect and planner remembered as a man who brought people together through a combination of wisdom, optimism, and charm. 
 The relationship between Christ and the church represents how God intends for marriage to be between a man and a woman–loving, caring and self-sacrificing. 
 Montreal Archbishop Christian Lepine called Goldbloom " a man of dialogue. 
 It has also never been legal, since 1934 at least, to shoot "30 ducks a man ", even in La. That is a violation of both State, and Federal Game Laws. 
 We had to make a shirt for a man , a dress or other garment for a child – one a month! 
 It asks the question ''What does it mean to be a man or a woman in the Christian Church ?'' .... Each paper  in answering the question
 a man in a wig dressed up to look like Marilyn Monroe. 
 For instance, the law that if a man died without children, then his brother was to marry his widow, began during the First Ancient Church. 
 This sounds like a man who has also tried to get "the data shown in netstat" 
 In 1996, a man in Australia killed 35 people with a semi-automatic firearm. 
 Gnomes: A man, a man , so say our eyes! 
 He needed small pretext to kill a man if, for the slightest cause, he took a dislike to him. 
 Marshall McLuhan said, a little less poetically, "The name of a man is [...] 
 William Shakespeare wrote in his play Hamlet "What a piece of work is a man ! 
 a man who was the easy victim of impostors. 
 A man who everyone has learned to love for his many manly qualities. 
 he was publicly addressing toward them. 12:22 Now the public was shouting out  saying  This is a voice of a god and not of a man ! 12:23 But instantly a messenger of the Lord struck him  because he did not give God the glory and he expired
 A man leans out the top of his convertible, shaking a fist. 
 It began with a man named Nathan Gart in 1928. 
 She then meets a man (Hickey) whom she had earlier seen jump off a bridge and had assumed had committed suicide. 
 As Burke describes identification, "You persuade a man only insofar as you can talk his language by speech  gesture  tonality  order  image  attitude  idea
 When a man is right  this sticking to his text is a grand thing (our minister says  "it is the stuff that martyrs are made of")
 A vineyard with no hedge will be overrun; a man with no wife becomes a homeless wanderer. 
 The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, that a man may avoid the snares of death. 
 It''s not easy to love a man who runs his family like a boot camp. 
 Altman called him "Rip Van Marlowe," imagining him as a man out of time
 The best way of summarizing it, that I can think of, was first said by one of the original claimants, a man by the name of John Hippolite. 
 Hence the warning of Paul the Apostle with reference to Holy Communion, "But let a man first prove himself; and then let him eat of this bread and drink of the chalice." 
 He experienced about this time the greatest loss that a man can experience: his father died  and it seemed to him  as  indeed
 No, there is only one sensible way to judge a man , and that is by his memory. 
 Al Harwi continues: A man known as Armani decided to visit Khalil. 
 A man can change a great deal in the course of fifteen years! 
 The subject of this etching, born in 1745, was the son of the Rev. David Kemp, minister of Gask, in Perthshire, a man of piety and worth. 
 He was essentially a preacher and a man of action, but one work he must have begun during his last stay in Geneva, and that was his pamphlet on Predestination. 
 Tonight I would become a man . 
 A man about my father''s age approached the receptionist. 
 For example, he shot a man who was threatening him, and later hired him after the man recovered. 
 A man at work wore only a tunic
 That was when he began thinking he was a man . 
 A man 
 On the season finale of Willie''s Garage, Nick and George uncover a weird Dutch music video featuring a man in an ALF suit. 
 "Stalking Santa" is a mockumentary about Dr. Lloyd Darrow (Simon Taylor), a man who''s on an obsessive quest to confirm or deny the existence of Santa Claus
 a man on the moon. –Nor did he appreciate the common  everyday
 a man 
 If a man is taught to love his brother
 We see that, although Marti was a gifted theorist, he was also a man committed to action, a man of bravery and loyalty. 
 They probably come from a man who understands pigs but is inclined to underfeed and does not worry about creep feeding. 
 He was also personally admirable, a man of generosity, courage, and style. 
 He was evidently a man cut out for extremes. 
 There is one part of his character which, in a man of so much genius
 A man who hated the Stuarts with a passion. 
 Never go near a man who uses a Christian College, denomination, or pastoral fellowship as his point of reference. 
 A man must make a living, he reasons, but is a living more important than life? 
 The first day of the season that a man goes to fish it is not right that anybody should go to meet him, as is done on other days, to help to bring in his catch. 
 Sophia has successfully controlled every man in her orbit until she meets Ryder Sherbrooke, a man she senses is different from the others-a man she sees as one of hell''s own sons. 
 Suddenly a head shot out over the fly-gallery into the full view of the audience and a shrill voice exclaimed, "I''m not a man   I''m a woman  and if you speak like that to me again IT come down and knock you clean into the middle of next week
 before Kensington was what it is now  the driver of the haunted cab was crawling slowly along when he was met by a man who rounded a. corner and hastily jumped in. 
 He was probably too poor a man to undertake the printing of a thick quarto
 minister of the parish in the latter half of the seventeenth century  and who s recorded by him to have been " a man eminent for his piety and charity to the poor." 
 A man comes to you with a tale of woe. 
 A ruler without information is as a man in the dark. 
 One group of elders told me recently, We want a MAN who can take being shot at (i.e., with Satans barbs) and know when and how to shoot back. 
 There have been tales along the lines of a man 
 He is said by a contemporary to have been a man of ''heroic aspect '' of ''manly eloquence
 and when I got there I met my brother  Morgan Earp  and a man 
 He was a man of stalwart frame and fine presence, genial, able and vigorous. 
 My father was a man of strong sense, and with no aversion to a joke, whether theoretical or practical. 
 Bruce she said was a man of a fine physique. 
 Morals: In SL, I can be a woman, a man , a talking horse, a robot, a dragon, or a floating eyeball. 
 The first consists of a dance scene, in which a man has his arms around the waists of two women dressed in skirts that are typical in Levantine cave painting. 
 They had to approach him from downwind, for a boar could smell a man or a dog at a hundred paces. 
 A man from Amherst, Massachusetts, came forward to say he believed the dead girl was his sister-in-law, Mary Retherham. 
 deep inside  know that it is shameful for a man to have sex with a girl as young as Aisha
 And so, in their desperation the Spanish government turned to a man they didn''t entirely understand, or trust: General Miguel Primo de Rivera. 
 To show how blindly the masses will follow a man , who has ingratiated himself into their confidence, into the most absurd positions. 
 One day I want to write a story that starts like this: "Picture a man , any man you want. 
 that if these were his ideas he had no business in the Northwest–that I would far rather have a man know less Latin and more Horse, and that without some knowledge of horses a man was useless. 
 Again, in Matt. 15: 8-10, Jesus said that even though a man honored Him with his mouth and lips, his religion was in vain for his heart was not in it. 
 Christ is called '' a man of war'' (Ex. 15:3). 
 If you think that it could just take a man and give him a pistol and blind-fold the man, spin him around a few times and let him fire a hundred shots at a target. 
 "a typical laundry list of ultra-liberal complaints from a man who has been John Paul''s theological nemesis throughout the whole of the pontificate." 
 but also because we place it in its earthen tomb with eyes toward heaven  like a man in his casket. 
 A man 
 and anyone that does not fit into this well defined mold is less than a man . 
 Shawnee chief Tecumseh was a man destined for greatness – the son of a prominent war leader, he was supposedly born under a lucky shooting star. 
 a man of peace then; he believed in persuasion instead of force. 
 a man 
 the play-side DE will overrun the play looking to hit the QB  and that leaves the wing TE free to go find a man to hit as well. 
 ISBN 0-262-19492-9 This is a book written by a man with a vast store of knowledge and experience, fluently written and well illustrated. 
 I understand that during the lectureship in 1956 held in Nashville a "Hobbyist" was defined as a man who "opposes and continues to hammer away" at that which "the brotherhood in general" agrees is scriptural. 
 As to the "demonizing men" angle, having witnessed a child threaten to accuse a man of molestation to get him in trouble because she was upset with him
 During the journey a man who had served in North Africa declared that ''never before in all my life have I travelled over such a dusty road. 
 However, let me ask you: "Is it right for a man and wife to get by like those two?" 
 A man comes to be baptized who has several wives. 
 While there, Burns authored his famous song ''A Man''s a Man for a'' That
 "Sir John, if a man expects to rise by valour  he must show it somewhere; and if I am to have a command in an army
 Each Christian should stand before the world in full realization that he is a MAN OF GOD. 
 The Bible says, "For what man knoweth the things of a man , save the spirit of man which is in him?" 
 Like gods of Athens, it is easier to find a "Doctor" among them than a man . 
 Thiul got drunk and slept with a man , another medical school graduate, who she recognized to be a supernatural creature of reptilian descent like her. 
 a man can put away his lawful (in God''s sight) wife for some cause other than fornication  marry another woman
 New York Times bestselling author Beth Kery''s blistering new novel of a man 
 Give a man his weekly wage, put him at his task, he asks no questions but goes straight ahead. 
 She was followed by her partner, a man dressed in black leather pants, a vest and a black tee shirt. 
 A man of faith as well as war? 
 It is very difficult to understand how a man could be greatly concerned with having a school to keep young men away from the Modernists
 So this would prove that a man could not be qualified whose children were adopted. 
 a man " or the woman could not "teach anyone, anywhere, at any time." 
 This abuse of a man with visual impairments is not something we should be teaching them as comic. 
 O sweet and holy Infancy, from which alone true innocency comes to human hearts; by which, however old a man may be  he may go back to blessed infancy  and may be made like to Thee  not by the shrinking of his limbs
 The reader may judge why brother Frost falsely accused me of teaching that a man 
 To Die Like a Man / Morrer como um homen Joao Pedro Rodrigues  Portugal  2009 138m This touching
 June 22, 2020 When men kill the women they''re abusing, statistics say they get out sooner | In 2017 in North Carolina, a man convicted of stabbing his pregnant w... read more 
 He first refers to the class of men who believe in Jesus as a great moral teacher, as an exemplar and guide, as a man who trampled beneath his feet his lower nature
 My Lord  I have heard some say so  but if shrewdness or sharpness may be a just cause for separation between a man and wife
 How far we have come from the passage of the 13th amendment outlawing slavery and the day we have a man of color as president of the United States. 
 President Barak Obama is a man of much bling bling it seems. 
 A man could shoot four arrows in the time it takes to fire and reload a musket. 
 (2016) A Man Without Mercy / Bring It On / Rancher to the Rescue An omnibus of novels by Jennifer Faye, Miranda Lee and Kira Sinclair 
 Surely a man 
 The only way for the media to avoid the public''s inevitable judgement on the competence of a man who has failed them economically is to make his rival seem even more incompetent. 
 Thomas Hutchins and The Danger Ensemble ask ''what''s in a man ?'' 
 The model shows the clothes that were worn by a man who worked and lived on the canals. 
 "Do you believe there can be more between a man and woman than practicalities and necessities? 
 He is a perfect example of a Man , who is slapped in the face by true love, what he can be and overcome, and become a MAN. 
 The prudent man is not just a man that "knows how to get things done," but is a man that knows how to reach happiness. 
 A man fitting Theo Durrant''s description had tried to pawn them. 
 "Baptism is a spiritual regeneration; inasmuch as a man dies to the old life, and begins to lead the new life. 
 There were rounds of singing by everyone, and at other times, only a choir would sing, with a man with an instrument standing on a small platform indicating the rhythm. 
 IT''S ALL SO QUIET is a story about a man who frees himself. 
 The song tells the story of a man struggling with a breakup–highlighted by petty and resentful behavior. 
 At the same time he was also disguising himself as a man named Nohbdy. 
 A man has difficulty in getting along on foot
 a man made covenant. 
 After all, how could one argue with a man "ordained" by no less than God to hold the nation''s executive power? 
 he gestured to a man with the small child sitting on his arm. 
 Females with a camera will get away with a lot more than a man aiming his lens. 
 If a man could not prove this, he would receive only two weeks of paid leave. 
 Maybe it was because this was the first connection with a man who loved his mother too, and who ached along with Charles. 
 Rip threw his bag in on the seat and stood facing him: a man who spent his entire day responding to whims, faking a smile, pocketing grieved tips here and there. 
 William Shakespeare''s 1606 The Tragedy of King Lear explores the character of a man and his change from a selfish and impatient King to a kind and forgiving Father. 
 There is a man on the bed, facing away from her, in pyjama bottoms. 
 What an idea this gives us of the familiarity a man may have with God. 
 "Bi-Dong", a term originated from Japan to describe when a woman is trapped by a man 
 Such a man would not have impacted history. 
 Christine is a young filmmaker, barely out of college, who now must decide if her few precious memories of a man she believed to be long dead are enough to give him a second chance. 
 Somebody say, "Isn''t he a man ?" 
 He is testing the witches prophecy about not being killed by a man born of woman. 
 I was braced for a man of his generation (born 1907): a social snob, an unself-conscious racist, an unapologetic colonialist. 
 Pearl Harbor Betrayed: The Story of a Man and Nation Under Attack. 
 This question – surprisingly - comes from Nature Seychelles CEO Nirmal Shah –, a man known for his commitment to the protection of the environment, Today reported. 
 "He was a man who calmly and quietly made things happen
 A man must be a good provider. 
 [quote=earlywynnfan;142109]Also, didn''t Ray Lewis watch his buddies murder a man ? 
 So in some ways, it was very easy to forgive a man who made an accident." 
 A Herald editorial a few days later noted that Biden seemed too busy "for a man who wishes to stay on the sidelines." 
 Abbi Lee Welch, a 15 year old girl from St. Paul, MN who had been missing and reportedly with a man that she had met on the internet is home safe. 
 A man going into a supermarket wearing a blindfold has no real power to choose. 
 and OK  it''s not like we all pine for the days of those fantastic migrant worker jobs that used to let a man support a middle-class family in style. 
 Fiction Writing Prompt: Write the story of a man whose protective shield blocks him from having any meaningful relationships. 
 It''s unclear if he actually made it to the heckler, but a man could be seen being ejected by security as the band regrouped onstage. 
 Animated cartoon of a man feeding a 15/6d certificate into a machine which produces a shell. 
 ''There were frost burns on the back of one hand, and a fresh abrasion on his right cheek – and other than that we had a man in perfect health and perfect physical condition. 
 A man was just about gitty when filmed sitting along side his van packed with metal shelve drawers filled assorted parts. 
 Why, there are reports of incontinence among you, and such incontinence as is not practised even among the heathen; a man taking to himself his father''s wife. 
 In 2007, an Iranian woman named Reyhaneh Jabbari was found guilty for murdering Morteza Abdolali Sarbandi, a man who allegedly attempted to rape her. 
 a man in crisis. 
 He''d seen a man go mad, once, seen it happen right before him. 
 and a man from the UK remarked "I live in the East End of London and would like to order 1 million tons of that detergent. 
 The West had been waiting for the formidable Salman Rushdie – a man who has been living under a "fatwa" a few years longer than the rest of us – to weigh in  and he did so in early November
 "I know we should be winning by more" says a man half shouting into his phone behind me and he''s not wrong. 
 No, not a man . 
 A man''s goings are of the Lord: how then ca?i a man understand his own way? 
 a man she could count on above everybody else. 
 "Grip hard for you will find now that you have a man to deal with " which was met with the rejoinder  "Not a man , but a cowardly dog who steals behind to attack his foe." 
 Though a man of strong convictions
 I called three times upon Apollonius, at the same time closing my eyes; and, when I re-opened them a man was before me  completely enveloped in a shroud  which seemed to me rather gray than white; his face was thin
 However, while I had enjoyed his company, I have never wanted sex with a man . 
 a man on third is similar to an RBI. 
 Bill said, "deal" and a man 
 Mikie calls Claire, a man answered, and said Claire who, then hung up. 
 a man in perfect peace and harmony, equity and intimacy. 
 (After all, if you can kill a man for good enough reason, you can certainly waterboard him.) 
 A man on a bicycle. 
 Any man who is not a Greek man is not really a man . 
 Will is quick-witted and sardonic, a powerhouse of a man in his former life (motorcycles; sky diving; important career in global business). 
 I thought then, as now (continued the good Lafayette) that never had I beheld so superb a man ." 
 This man had already killed a man with his bare hands and was, it turned out, ready to cause more trouble. 
 A man chasing an engaged woman is obviously acting in a repulsive manner - but not a sinful manner. 
 He is not a man to be extolled, but a man to be pitied. 
 his slim  alert body  well poised and competent–all these characteristics of Scott Munson created an impression of a man not easily deflected from his course. 
 Last Christmas, when they received the news of his father''s death, Manuel bore it like a man . 
 Here was a man who could listen and move to the nudges and whisperings of God''s Spirit. 
 His supporters called him a man of the people and the only one who could unite the divided Reform party. 
 I don''t agree with you, – a man might have credited Hazlitt''s lies  without thinking ill of you; – for instance I – (and I''m not quite a wretch)
 He''s a man , at least. 
 Called Swamp Thing, he''s a man transformed into a "humanoid mass of vegetable matter" by some swamp chemicals. 
 Each person watched a series of videos with changing variables: some showed a man 
 Bo was a man that Beijing feared; and when a person is feared by Beijing, they inevitably get cut down to size. 
 his athletic appearance and his cheating by taking steroids and kissing up to Joe Weider to win contests do not a man make. 
 hmmmm a man 
 How can they even grudgingly admire a man that famously said, "Judicial evidence is an archaic bourgeois detail." 
 I genuinely like Jared Taylor as a man . 
 Which is more difficult: a wife/woman to act like the church, or a man to lead like Christ? 
 Guys think with their with their penises and a woman can lead a man by his penis. 
" a popular Portuguese tale in which a man wrongfully convicted of stealing is freed after he correctly predicts that a dead rooster will crow. 
 The union of thinker and worker was irresistible to a man whose conscience still carped about idleness and still considered writing a frivolous pastime
 pursued by powerful government agents  ruthless bounty hunters  and a cunning man determined to own her... a man who will stop at nothing to get her back." 
 They instil courage, toughness and a sense of comradeship which are necessary qualities for the development of a man . 
 I once asked a man who worked with me that if there were an issue, and we could decide the issue... 
 A strong theme of his writings is that a man 
 In all due respect to all woman here: I pray you are not with a man that is not rooted and grounded in love. 
 It is however explicitly said that a man who seduces a virgin has endowed her to be his wife. 
 Beyene spoke slowly as he recalled watching the video showing a man thought to be his friend Tesfay Kidane, 29, beheaded on a beach in Libya by Muslim extremists. 
 Brigadier General Edward Rydz-Śmigły was not a man to be trifled with. 
 " The misguided decision to call for this vote alone is sufficient reason to designate him as a "bad" Prime Minister – a man who will be remembered by history not for his successes, but for one single failure. 
 a man 
 with Donny (voiced by Chris Farley  who was given the role after the shelving of Shrek)  a man of many personal failures  seeking to right those wrongs by doing something great
 Are we still talking about the fornicating woman or have you just introduced a celibate woman not seeking a man as her equivalent? 
 The site was initially commercialized in 1840, when a man named McDonald petitioned the Mexican government for the land
 When the gospel of grace empowers a man and he from that grace establishes and empowers a family where there is order  peace  harmony  love
 A man is for a woman and that would be for only one. 
 "I did something called mansplaining – which, uh, if you don''t know what that is, uh, ladies – it is when a man with no shared experience to what you''re going through tells you what is actually happening." 
 Previously, they would have to say, "Marriage, according to law in Australia, is the union of a man and a woman to the exclusion of all others, voluntarily entered into for life." 
 Into this world slips the game''s primary protagonist, a man named Vaon. 
 Few can hold a candle to the Jewish king David " a man after god''s own heart". 
 Basically it''s the story of a man walking around a desk. 
 In Shakespear''s day "an almond for a parrot" was used to express the greatest temptation that a man could face. 
 since without this the Work of a man of Letters becomes useless
 For, the male transexual is certainly not a man in the same way as other men. 
 Kennedy''s death, in contrast, came to a man 
 WACO (January 1, 2016) The 10th Court of Appeals on Thursday refused to grant a motion seeking DNA testing for a man convicted of a 2009 murder in Brazos County. 
 A man so hot air conditioners spontaneously combust in his presence
 The 2003 draft pick used to give Coach Mike Dunleavy ( a man with a voluminous playbook), fits. 
 For instance nobody sneezes at a man sleeping around with various ladies, be a woman and do same, you get called a wh***. 
 Paul Washer is just a man 
 They say you can tell a lot about a man by the company he keeps and the enemies he has made. 
 Apparently, a dowry is a gift, usually money, that a man gives his future wife''s father if he wants to marry her. 
 Having recently broken up with Brian(Jaime M. Callica), a man she truly loved and was engaged to
 In Paradise Lost, you play as Szymon, a man who has found himself in an alternate 1980''s post-apocalyptic wasteland. 
 there shall be sent into every County of this Kingdom  a Wheel ready made  and a man that shall instruct all such as are desirous to learn the use thereof: Till when
 So Olmert becomes a man of peace, speaks the language of peace and makes peace moves. 
 Imagine a man in a rowboat riding so low in the water itâ€TMs about to sink. 
 In anothor, a man was detained with his hands behind his back  beaten and tasered five times until he died
 One difference is, Socrates committed suicide whereas More had a man with an axe do the deed for him. 
 Do we award the plank of wood for the actions it carries out when directed by a man at the rudder? 
 "molly" is slang for Ecstasy  a well-known date rape drug  and the context of "molly" in his lyrics shows clearly that a man put it into a woman''s drink without her knowledge or consent so he could have sex with her. 
 Gareth Rees''s semi-autobiographical short story A Dream Life of Hackney Marshes is about a man who has a nervous breakdown and embarks on an affair with an electricity pylon. 
 a man , Ray is one of the best characters in the league, let alone the Union. 
 It is revealed that the body is that of Vito Santoro, a man whose family believed to be living in Argentina for the past several decades. 
 that another neighbour locked his idiot daughter away in an attic for years  and that a man my father worked with beat his wife insensate every weekend were what I thought was normal. 
 a man to grow old without ever seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable." 
 it would be more respectful and productive to focus on the trailblazing  acclaimed career of Powell  a man whose distinguished life was inspiring to many. 
 "for this cause a man will leave his father and mother and cleave to his wife" – Gen 2:24). 
 He ran headlong, and the few passers-by who met him in the dark, in the streets, remembered afterwards that they had met a man running that night. 
 A man 
 Why do people think Lisa maybe a man ? 
 Someone who is definitely NOT a hero or, whatever he believes, a man of the people, popped up - literally - in a most unexpected place this week. 
 They also cannot stop to count the cost, They also will go on as long as they have a dollar to spend or a man to fight. 
 This wasn''t a man who knew defeat, and the muscles in her neck tightened when his lips twitched into a smug grin once again. 
 "Platforms" and principles are good enough in their places; but for the Presidential chair, the first requisite is a man . 
 But a huge wrench is about to be thrown their way with the appearance of Dalton Babcock, a man from Susanna''s hometown and who knows her past. 
 To be associated with a man that would do something this horrific is so embarrassing. 
 he left the last Island when he set up his Cross (+ the mark of B Diaz)  weeping says the historian [4] like a man who left the grave of his only son. 
 But, Driscoll expounds supposed Christianity so therefore he must be a man of God, right? 
 I mean, he threw Melissa under the bus one week and Debbie last week, after which he cried and apologized, looking like a man with emotional issues. 
 As a man of the cloth and also an educator he introduced this game into the school he taught at  the Escuelas Pías de San Antón
 Momma was giggling, and a man was talking. 
 WILMINGTON, DELAWARE (1/15/2015) A man shot in Wilmington on Wednesday night has died of his injuries  police said this morning
 I think it''s more because of the lack of freedom and because of this demonstrative lawlessness that''s going on " a man at a protest in Moscow told CNN. 
 he always seemed a man unfulfilled, a man after something other than fleeting glory that the trophies brought, a man after immortality. 
 There is also a volume by a man of the name of Ensor  full of conceit  arrogance and mischief.4 He merits a castigation from you
 The FCC Senior Pastor compared Jean Val Jean ( a man who accepted God''s grace) to Javert (someone who rejected God''s grace). 
 I don''t think that by being a man will make a composer more skilful. 
 Comedy for him is the "mirror of society" in which a man of his time could see the excesses for which 
 (Mental conspirators) "Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." 
 Perhaps it was Leapai''s modest background that made former "hottest man in the division" Denis Boytsov, usually a man with a bodybuilder''s physique
 Pride Films and Plays has produced several McNally works, including Some Men in 2014 and most recently, A Man of No Importance in fall 2019. 
 Mina is a talent that is very highly rated across Spain, a man that many believe will be a regular for La Roja for years to come. 
 Meanwhile outside thousands of protesters marched to show their disapproval with a man who could not only care less about the opinions of his critics and political opponents
 God''s people will grow up spiritually and become a man and submit to what God has said in His Word. 
 It is a man who can go out on such automodel regimes where he feels an influence of quite remote  even maybe "absolute"
 There was a man that had just met the Movement a month before who told me that he wanted to come on the pilgrimage with us this year." 
 It means that a man 
 Then leave a man experienced a man who''s made the grade, A medal and a pension some memories and a trade. 
 A man is going to be on the line for child support until at least the kid is 18. 
 Listed at 6''8'''' 220 pounds, Prince immediately stuck out on the college floor in terms of looking like a man amongst boys. 
 Which, as a man of world, you must know is the source of iocane powder. 
 will share their newly donated motorhome with two senior citizens in their 80s: Tammy''s mother  and a man to whom she provides home care. 
 the film registers the conversation between a woman (played by Serradilla) and a man (Luis Arrieta) who first meet on the rooftop of a Mexico City building. 
 A man named Hurley – he was in the War as well – he''d give a voucher to daddy for some bread and meat. 
 In the Disney film, King Louie poses a minor threat to Mowgli: he wants to learn how to make fire so that he can be like a man . 
 perform superior in bed and fell far more confident in yourself as a man . 
 President Trump has chosen the hawkish current CIA Director Mike Pompeo– a man who notoriously prefers regime change to diplomacy. 
 We''ve diminished King''s worldview– a man who  before he was snatched from us in the cruelest of ways  fully engaged what he called the "giant triplets of racism
 a man . 
 a man who was out of control because of some drugs he put in his body. 
 And yes, I do realize how lucky I am to have a man that doesn''t mind sharing. 
 [On the sidewalk Lois and Clark are walking on, there is a man in a Santa Claus costume accepting donations. 
 Though embracing these things has slightly different complications as a man , I see the sense in what she said. 
 When this stone was found, it had entered the earth to a depth equal to the height of a man . 
 One afternoon in August 1644 Ufford had a famous visitor, a man who entered the church in exactly the same way, a man who recorded the events of that day in his journal. 
 If a man makes the exact same statement regarding feminine physical attributes  he''s viewed as being stupid
 Bears GM Phil Emery doesn''t sound like a man who wants to make a coaching change. 
 "It''s all through this bond of a man and a dog," he says. 
 I went inside the station and found behind the wicket a man who seemed to be the station master. 
 which is proof against all argument and which cannot fail to keep a man in everlasting ignorance. 
 A man luxuriously dressed? 
 In other words, he has fulfilled every expectation society has of a man : he''s done the dating scene, he''s fallen in love with a woman, he''s made a family. 
 And it was up to the Captain alone if a man were to be flogged. 
 Shastany said police had contact with a man by the name of Jose S. Silveira in the past. 
 Anas mentioned that a man said, "Messenger of Allah, I love this sura, ''Say: He is Allah, Absolute Oneness''." 
 For decades, Ruhe said, German officials held Kruzel in high esteem as a man who devoted all his efforts to the service of his country
 Stormwind is mostly a man made the area
 It makes it clear that having one loved wife is the ideal state for a man , because having the one loved wife is a portion of joy given to the man by YHWH. 
 which means that (it) is going on for at least another year  as if even as a man did invariably get hold of the wrong end of the stick he does, as he announced a long time ago he had the key to Ladysmith.'' 
 His journey to becoming a great writer, a man 
 Satan has tapped into that natural desire of men and provided many sources for a man to find pleasure and contentment in the fulfillment of his own fleshly desires. 
 a MAN of sorrows" (Isa. 53:3) as he suffered more than any man. 
 Simply, because a man might possess the gift of teaching does not mean that he is a proper teacher. 
 In fact apart from being susceptible to deceit, a man cannot be deceived. 
 Show me a man who has made fifty thousand dollars  and I will show you in that man an equivalent of energy  attention to detail
 and when he is given some of what he wants he is faithful  but is not faithful when he is not given any of it; and a man who sets out his goods after ''Asr and says  ''By Allah  I have been offered such-and-such for them
 (on wall in panel) A man severe he was and stern to view; I knew him well, and every truant knew; Well had the boding tremblers learned to trace 
 A man , who has links to Classrooms in the Clouds, the project run by a British charity, is learning to sew Days for Girls'' kits. 
 Am someone with good sense of humor that believe life is too short to be lonely and am seeking a man 
 a man may be justified; and since any other means is doomed to failure and eternal condemnation; then the stakes are high. 
 a man in a Hugo Boss suit, while posters in a nearby Gap are untouched. 
 Another vision which is implied in Acts 9:12 which the LORD brought to Saul was of a man 
 When testosterone levels drop dramatically low, a man is said to be in andropause. 
 the 2008 ballot measure that declared  "Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California." 
 still an active army base  and the construction workers broke through a wall  and found the skeleton of a man chained to the floor, who had been sealed up inside by the brick wall. 
 Luke reports that a man 
 but before they can get to him  Machete''s gang will have to face blade-wielding ICE agent Sartana  who never met a man she couldn''t flay." 
 a man at least six minutes; assuming that the man would work ten hours a day it would take him a hundred thousand years  i.e.
 Nixon''s cocker spaniel, "Checkers," helps redeem its owner as a man of humanity
 See also: Man Gets 15 Months for Facebook Threat to Blow Up Detroit Police Sergeant''s Funeral June 14, 2017 - A man 
 Let the Sperm of a man by itself be putrified in a gourd glasse  sealed up  with the highest degree of putrefaction in Horse dung
 If a man attains peace and if he is ready to receive everything as God''s will, then God''s help will certainly not be lacking. 
 To your first question, I would like to put on record very definitely that we are dealing with the utterances of a man who will be testifying as a witness. 
 Danny is indeed a man . 
 with gaping holes in their cheeks big enough for a man to see through, a slow putrefaction of the living body. 
 a man regularly looking over his shoulder. 
 In that same year, 1866, a man from Chorley read a fresh description of James''s watch – and his blood ran cold. 
 (The door opens and a man steps inside the flower shop.) White Lotus Member: I have the passports for our guests
 If a woman can meet those requirements the same as a man then she should be allowed to be a firefighter. 
 COLLECTING HIS DEBT by Angelique Voisen continues the dark theme with a man called The Debt Collector who rescues Carter from a terrible beating. 
 A man (R) weighs a chicken in a poultry market in Hong Kong on May 24, 2013. 
 a film that takes an unflinching look at the final days of a man few knew personally. 
 I mean, we''re talking about locking a man up for being too smart." 
 A man 
 Limitless DVD Features: A Man 
 Sherlock kicks a man in the face, breaking his jaw. 
 After a man died on the New York subway and rode around dead for five hours  the challenge today is whether British
 You gotta take it like a man , shorty. 
 or why that daughter had a child by a man she has refused to name, this is not where to find out. 
 But as more details emerge, she discovers a man she barely knew – a man who went by the racier name of Cliff  not Clifford; who liked leather  and speed
 In addition, Yahweh is never called a man, while his Son, Yahoshua, is, quite often called a man   an example being 1 Timothy 2:5  which states  "For there is  one  God  one  mediator also  between God and men
 A Man Doesn''t Know and Near To You are gorgeously realized duets as sung by Graff and Jackson
 and their charge who refuses to marry after a man woos her and vanishes; #3 in the School for Manners series. 
 She can drive a man to suicide if she rejects him, a husband to a fatal heart attack when he discovers she is unfaithful. 
 The prime example is Winston Churchill, a man whom history has already anointed as great. 
 "Big Fish" is the story of Edward Bloom, a man who has lived a large life, and if you ask him about it, he''ll tell even larger tales. 
 it is very easy to cripple a man with the old fashioned  leather soled
 Bates directly came from Shanahan''s tree while Bevell runs pretty much the same thing except they used a Man to Man Blocking Scheme in Minnesota. 
 Being a man of conscience he started drinking heavily to lessen the pain of taking such horrid decisions. 
 the most transparent  factually accurate  informative and useful descriptor for a man from Pakistan is " a man from Pakistan". 
 How many girls do you know that get a large house and a few million, after living with a man for only a few years? 
 I also wouldn''t rule out the retention of a man who during the post season appeared somewhat back to his pre-injury best. 
 He decided to be a man and defeat the boss himself. 
 A Man Called Sledge Review|A Man called Sledge]] *[[A Minute to Pray
 I''ve not met face to face with such an ambit of disaster since a man took wing and flew too close to the sun! 
 A local sports program for men in my situation helped redefine my image as a man . 
 NON-ACTION PREVENTS A MAN FROM BECOMING ENTANGLED IN FORM AND IMAGE (MATERIALITY). 
 This from a man touted as a smart and steady hand in a possible Coalition government? 
 I think that the overwhelming majority of the Liberal National party room would want marriage to stay between a man and a woman. 
 The "be a man " and "man up" stuff indicates a lot more about him than his targets. 
 A man with little education, but5 with the nous to know, while money keeps going around, things are OK. 
 To find the happy mean between the two extremes is often difficult, particularly if a man has to leave his plants for 12 hours every day. 
 I might not have scientific evidence of widespread misogyny in this country, but I still think that when a women and a man see the same situation (Gillard''s policies/popularity etc) differently, it can''t just be a coincidence. 
 The father was a man named Thomas HUNT Frances became known as Frances French SHERLOCK and married William WIGNALL in Melbourne. 
 When scouts and coaches look into his eyes during this process, will they see a man determined to be as good as he possibly can be? 
 It''s the same as a man who owns a cigarette factory saying smoking is bad. 
 Be a man or a lady and pick up the phone and say "we ain''t going." 
 and that it''s shameful for a man to have long hair. 
 He got out of his car and found a man (William John Cowley) lying on the road with blood pouring out of a wound in his head. 
 Somehow I don''t see that provoking a statement of " a man of vision" by Tommy Lee Jones in the last scene of Lonesome Dove, followed by a series of heroic flashbacks. 
 The story begins with a man   known only as "The Counselor" (Michael Fassbender) and his girlfriend Laura (Penelope Cruz)
 Robert Silverberg, "Nightwings" (Won the Hugo for Best Novella): In the far, far future, a man whoâ€TMs spent his life watching for a long-prophesied alien invasion visits Rome. 
 Depicts a man in green robes with a halo facing a boy in a white tunic who arises from the lower right. 
 A man 
 folks.] [Dentari may not be familiar with the hold that  as a man named Lawrence Cheung once said, is ''guaranteed to put you out in 12 seconds or your pizza''s free''. 
 or to be plain  pictures of a woman lying on her back with a man on top of her." 
 head hung low which is probably not advisable or even possible for a man in his condition, as Cayle pats him encouragingly on the shoulder and readies for action. 
 a man as Solomon Northup." 
and is found naked in bed by the police when they raided the joint does not make Jack a man unworthy of leading his new group of vacationing Quebec ministers. 
 She was the one who made me realize when I was doing some analytic work with her that if you are a man   and your superior function is  as mine is  extraverted intuitive  the anima has a type  too
 Jung had said somewhere that the anima carries the inferior function in a man , and that the animus carries the inferior function in a woman. 
 Chris Mason is a man of many talents. 
 An extraordinary glimpse into the mind of a man at a crossroads, In the Whirlpool is highly recommended especially for religious studies shelves. 
 Good with swords, she forces a man to marry her with her sword at his throat. 
 When a man enters the mix
 beautiful  and connects us to the mind of a man who left love''s legacy to the world: What could possess a man in grief to conjure above his select wife a tomb that billows in the Jamuna''s hot winds or under a mica moon
 However, when a man points a shot gun at him, John shoots only to learn he killed undercover DEA Agent Franklin Watts. 
 Bertrand Russell (1953): "An agnostic is a man 
 What a woman expects to hear from a man who just came off a war patrol is pure braggadocio. 
 a man . 
 $18.00  www.haymarketbooks.org NORTH STAR: A MEMOIR provides Peter Camejo''s autobiography and tells of a man who spoke out against the Vietnam War and for the rights of migrant workers. 
 and includes a short story (really an essay in the form of a story) of a man 
 As a man of the world Brock enjoyed the creature comforts of life. 
 If you preach faith you must live it, and a man is not supposed to preach without he preach a living faith. 
 In other cases, such as that typified by a man with prostate cancer, the man must face the decision about treatment or watchful waiting. 
 Dorset offers a huge variety of attractions  from thrilling theme park rides to Monkey World and the giant outline of a man cut into the hillside at Cerne Abbas. 
 But it is "As a man sows, so shall he reap" 
 as a codified set of rules and expectations embedded with domination  that I began to understand what it means to be a man . 
 Breathless afterwards, Julia stared up at him from the pillow with that cloudy face of satisfied desire which puts a man , briefly, right with the universe, all debts honored, all worries unmasked as negligible. 
 (This commune was led by a man 
 A man should be willing to provide  or strive to provide
 An eccentric, but lovable bear of a man   Roald Dahl had a life blighted by tragedy  but both as a children''s writer
 " A man can only fight one battle at a time. 
 It is stated that a man watering his horse near the bridge  and three little girls who were playing nearby
 Spotted in the crowd was a technician from the library helpdesk – a man we have all been rescued by at one point at another. 
 what I think is worth noting is how childish phrases like "left" and "right" are when describing such a man and the institution he represents. 
 that anyone could question the desirability of a child being raised by a man and a woman is a testament to human credulity. 
 Youve got to respect a man whose vision of the correct way to build a turntable hasnt changed in 40 years. 
 Cub Reporter Justin ("The Reporter That Walks Like A Man !!" 
 and he proposed  subject to the discretion of the committee  to use him in order to release an A man under 30. 
 If a man is free  he should be able to pursue his happiness within certain moral restraints
 On my first day as News Director there, it was Larry that came up to me, and with the look of a man actually trying to help me get assimilated, says "you''ll learn how we do things around here." 
 A linguist before becoming a diplomat, Li is a man of formal manners, especially in his speech. 
 Mid Life Relationships: Dating During The Time Between Growing Up And Becoming A Man I don''t know the day or the time it happened, but I had a realization of what it is to live inside my own skin. 
 TDR,Ch37 - Egwene dreams about a man who is not there chasing Mat and realizes it must mean a Gray Man is after Mat. 
 A man should only fly when the purpose of flying is as lofty as being human. 
 Once you are pension age (sixty for a woman, sixty-five for a man ), prescriptions are free (except for some things such as elastic stockings). 
 Such was Cuhelcains powerbase when he appointed as his general a man known as Hjalti Early-Beard in the Arcturian Heresy but known in most sources simply as Talos. 
 The delirium he speaks of here is not the earthly state of a man who has a fever, becomes semi-crazy and enters into a delirium saying things that make no sense. 
 Woodie had never been comfortable working with a woman anyway, and he would be happy to see her replaced by a man . 
 "You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends," Joseph Conrad wrote. 
 Many years ago, when I was a rookie in the slash-and-burn wars of the 1970''s Canadian investment industry, I befriended a man that would turn out to have an entire chapter written about him in Peter C. Newman''s best-selling book about the... 
 "The natural law is nothing else than a concept naturally instilled into a man whereby he is guided to act in a befitting manner in his proper actions... 
 MY PRAYER: "THE LORD IS A MAN OF WAR." 
 Vayikra/Leviticus 20:10 And a man who commits adultery with the wife of a man  who will commit adultery with his neighbour''s wife
 Scribonia, or Scribonius.-- Name of a Roman family or of a man . 
 at 17 yrs old Al Racked the first 20 000 barrels made after Prohibition and Al and a man 
 Claxton is universally considered as gracious  funny  elegant  and stylish a man as you are likely to meet, and with enough charm and wit to have been at home in any Noel Coward play. 
 So a man is not a man when he is created; he is only begun. 
 But on the other hand, we measure a success of a man by the land area of his house, by the size of his car, by the position he holds in the company. 
 Pompeia Plotina. - Matidia first married Lucius Vibius Sabinus  a man of consular rank. 
 They then threaten to take one of the Abbott children with them; A man pins another man to a wooden post and stabs him in the leg so he screams, attracting the monster right to him. 
 He is a man who neither eats nor drinks. 
 SWEETWATER, Fla. -- Police have arrested and charged a mother after they received an anonymous call that indicated a man with autism was being kept in dungeon-like conditions inside a South Florida trailer. 
 A man humbles himself negatively when  being a sinner and unworthy of God''s graces
 He and his keyboard are a multi-million-dollar reminder of what a man can do with just a voice, a heart, an electric piano. 
 He is now a man of peace  teaching others to ring the bell of mindfulness and breathe in and out with mindfulness
 Qwerty: Re: He''s more legend than a man ... 
 How could such a man be in the holy priesthood of Christ, if there is any truth to the charges! 
 It reminds me of a famous Oz cartoon by Leunig showing a man and child marvelling at a beautiful sunset on their TV. 
 Hochschild describes a man 
 Those on death row in Illinois and a number of other states are most often held in single cells, since a man with nothing to lose doesn''t make an especially good roommate when you aggravate him. 
 and associates the journey with a unique individual experience–that of a man sleeping through the night in a train and reconvening with himself. 
 I quickly emphasized that I wouldn''t return to harvest my own–an important piece of information to convey to a man holding a knife and standing over a hot spot of invaluable fungi. 
 "There was a man in his sixties who was retiring. 
 Godfrey de Bouillon  a man later associated with the Knights Templar. 
 a man whose single greatest feat of foreign policy was trading away Sammy Sosa
 WICHITA, Kan. (AP) – The Kansas Supreme Court has upheld the first-degree murder conviction of a man who gunned down his wife in front of her children. 
 But the apostle said, "I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man " (1 Tim. 2:12). 
 The last thing a man should do when courting a Colombian woman is to make her feel uncomfortable. 
 "I am a Crusader, a man different from everyone else. 
 Reid Marshall pushes open the front door of Smoke''s Poutinerie and stomps towards the counter with the urgency of a man on a mission. 
 But Dilys, is a man that was raised to court slowly and carefully. 
 Never could it be bared without killing a man , and with warm blood it would always be sheathed. 
 ) plus a great nasty spaghetti moment when the hero buries a man alive. 
 Aubrey though, what a man ! 
 Levi struggles to ultimately understand what it means to be a man when all the hallmarks of humanity are stripped from one''s existence. 
 A man Harper described as an "ISIL-inspired terrorist" on Monday ran over two soldiers in a parking lot in Quebec
 But, there was a thin line between depicting Mickey as a man 
 He is a man to be feared. 
 In spite of his failings David is described as a man after God''s own heart (cf. 1 Sam 13:14, Acts 13:22). 
 He''s simply a man who throws a wrench in the works, steps back, and sees what happens. 
 Think its worse for a man 
 Among the writers whose legacy has been somewhat left to obscurity is Alice Bradley Sheldon, who posed as a man and wrote under the pen name James Tiptree, Jr. in order to better her chances of publication. 
 He was working in a barber school for a man of our [race], teaching some apprentice barbers the work and training them. 
 A masterpiece of epic proportions that while borrowing from the tired evil town boss, revenge motivated and a man picking his guns back up, to fight again, is a fresh, intoxicating master work. 
 A man from Road Fajalpur village said, "Now education is important. 
 He never felt attracted to a man before. 
 p. xxiv his literary labours written by a man , himself a priest, and who may well have known Buddhaghosa during his stay in Ceylon. 
 At another demonstration a week later, an officer beat a man so badly that his spleen was ruptured. 
 Add to this the fact that he was a man who got along with almost everybody
 A man asked me – Why did I not get my binoculars and find the evil spirits at night and then they would spear them. 
 For example, we had a man who would dress up like the Grim Reaper and pace back and forth in front of the abortion facility! 
 In comes a man that is wholly clad in green metallic armor. 
 And a man who conforms to society is a stupid man; he is not a cultured man at all." 
 In honor of Jie Zitui, a man who never sought fame and profit  Duke Wen buried him and his mother respectfully
 And then she falls in love with the woman disguised as a man and the confusion adds to the madness. 
 A bit more interesting is Steven Korbar''s All the Way, largely because Azelvandre adds an air of mystery and menace as a man who hires a prostitute (an admirable Courtney Deuser) to perform a service that he refuses to divulge. 
 And Pharaoh said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit of God is?" 
 Among the earliest of the converts was Dr Pusey, a man of wealth and learning, a professor, a canon of Christ Church, who had, it was rumoured, been to Germany. 
 A man named as Hector Merdrano Escalante of Redway was arrested for felony cultivation of marijuana and other offenses. 
 A man who had a thirst for power and plaudits but who found himself awestruck by the love and power of God
 This does not mean that this is a man that doesn''t keep himself clean or has no sense of style or manners. 
 a MAN ." 
 While Kenyans were coming to terms with this incident, four police officers attached to Ruiru police station arrested a man called Robert Mutahi on the night of Aug. 12 for violating the 10 p.m. curfew hour and robbed him of Sh1,030 [$9.38]. 
 his deep popular sympathies  his unflinching courage; and there never was a man more deeply hated both for his good points and for undeniable defects and failings. 
 the As believe that the only form of marriage consistent with Biblical teaching is that between a man and a woman. 
 That man told officers who he got it from, a man referred to as "K.F." and added they believed his K.F.''s source was a man named "Zane," according to court filings. 
 however  when she attended a baseball game with Henry Kissinger  one of the world''s worst human rights abusers and a man she had previously harshly criticized. 
 Kamala Harris  Whitmer  etc. all near-simultaneously came together to throw their full support behind a man who had won 1 out of the first 4 states in a 50-state race
 A man passed out flyers calling for a Thursday meeting to help answer the question now lingering for demonstrators. 
 A man who really wants to reach a peak of bliss must send his roots deep into sadness  anguish  misery
 You cannot recognize whether a man is realized or not, enlightened or not, whether he is really a Christ or not -- you cannot recognize. 
 looks like the ones lying were those gov''t prosecutors trying to put a man in jail for something he didn''t do. 
 Maybe there is way for him to break the CotF''s spell that could turn him back into a man . 
 a man who suffered permanent hearing loss at the hands of Carr''s violent actions. 
 Then you are no longer a man -- then you are a god. 
 and even on Carroll''s telling of the story  I can see how a man of that time may have felt he had an opportunity and he could take it  indeed  that the masculine  powerful
 He took an experienced wrestler''s stance that made it very hard (OK – almost virtually impossible) for me to take a man of his size to the ground at my then pathetic weight. 
 FL: Shooting may be self-defense: "Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan said a woman who fatally shot a man Tuesday night might have acted in self-defense. 
 Paul develops an analogy in Ephesians 5.21-33 between the relationship of Christ with the church and a man with his wife. 
 The image of a man 
 And he strode off down towards the lorry near the railway lines, while Willi murmured: ''He looks just like a man with an assignation.'' 
 The administration said Hanes has a duty to follow state law that defines marriage as between a man 
 a man who was born in Georgia and is currently living in Scotland. 
 In November of that same year, voters amend Alaska Constitution to require that all marriages be between a man and a woman, effectively ending Alaska couples'' lawsuit. 
 Murder charge in Burke baby death The Augusta Chronicle The Georgia Bureau of Investigation has charged a man with murder after the death of an infant in Waynesboro. 
 even if against the woman''s consent  does not tantamount to rape  a trial court has said while acquitting a man of charges of raping his wife. 
 Guerrero headlines this year''s Canadian Oscar submission Drunken Birds, which is about a man on the run from a cartel leader who relocates to Quebec and hopes to find a woman there who fled from the same cartel. 
 "And now they brought before him a man who was palsied and bed-ridden; whereupon Jesus  seeing their faith  said to the palsied man  Son  take courage
 But he''s also anxious to be part of the gay life of London and begins a relationship with a man whom he meets through a personal ad. 
 I know a man who did this during business depression, and he was amazed at the result. 
 Actor Steve Martin is a nice guy, he insisted in thanking in person a man , who has found the comedian''s lost wallet on a street of a Pennsylvania city. 
 Edward Furtho [the father died 1620] a man of great wealth died seised of estate worth £1 000 a year and personal estate of £10 000 at least
 A man named Steven Brill decided to test if everyone out there wants to rip us. 
 a man in a grand setting. 
 A man rides up and introduces himself as Talmanes Delovinde. 
 And when he had fallen as if unconscious, after as long as a man might have walked more than 100 steps  in his estimation
 JHU Press''s 2017 book Evergreen: The Garrett Family, Collectors and Connoisseurs contains a short reference to a man named John W. M. Lee (1848-1896), who was hired in the 1880s [...] 
 If I''m really honest, a man 
 A man presented to the hospital with swelling of his legs and shortness of breath. 
 No words that he could use would be too strong to express what he knows of Mr. ZENTMAYER personally as a man of high intellectual acquirements  refined tastes
 The Other Kind is an anthem of defiance from a man whose life was spinning out of control. 
 so fitting--- explains that part of the prosecution is relying on a testimony from a man who is NOW dead. 
 A man is in jail after authorities say he foiled his own robbery by accidentally pepper-spraying himself. 
 a man kneeling behind the shrine and the lower row is made of seven kneeling men (squatting with one knee raised
when I closed my eyes there was a man there he looked kind of like a tribal >man he was very serious and not very lovey dovey. 
 As a man living simulataneously in three worlds (science > and technology  fundamentalist Christianity
 Also to a man who has produced a living breathing monkey in front of witnesses in the interview room. 
 Until a man begins to think–not merely to lose his temper or to learn by heart–he is, mentally, clothed in the skins of beasts. 
 Tsukioka Yoshitoshi was a man in transition  cycling from wealth to poverty  plagued by mental illness
 whilst the younger  who has had his own way  becomes "an ingenious  well-accomplished gentleman  a man of honour in King''s Bench Walk  and of excellent disposition and temper
 and is much less old-fashioned than one would expect of an updated silent film written and directed by a man who first made a name for himself in the early 20''s. 
 Tis afflicting that there should be a state of public opinion or feeling however limited which should encourage a man 
 Small Wonders is a project that was inspired by my father, a man with big dreams. 
 A few days after this, a man gave me a pre-war silver franc as a curiosity; he had got it somewhere in change. 
 an ecclaircisment on this Subject; At the same time I flatter myself from the Character which Mr Howe bears  as a man of Honour  Gentleman & Soldier
 Capt. Wade may be a man of warm temper, but he has had a sad disaffected set to deal with. 
 If a man becomes a Citizen of the State
 He is spoken of whereever he is know[n] as a man 
 I met the dragon''s fumings like a man , But strength and manhood now avail us not. 
 In times of crisis, the Roman Senate would appoint a person to resolve the matter, a man with unlimited power for a set time over certain aspects of policy. 
 but charity has that purpose and this would also force them to actually seek a man to marry them. 
 whose presence in the painting symbolizes the relationship between a man /god (Gilgamesh) and an animal/man (Enkido); the latter represents nature with his attributes of strength
 Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was asked by CNBC''s Jim Cramer which company would "get a man on Mars first." 
 "When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully", said Samuel Johnson. 
 The best documented introduction was to Vienna, where a man named Clusius  a servant in the court of Emperor Maximillian II
 To the superficial observer he seemed to be a man who was pretending to be a simple country-man. 
 The second major prisoner is a man   a baron (Michael Malen
 Paying no heed to the warning the Sandman and Sandy start down the road where they see a man emerge from a rock wall. 
 A man disguised as Cynthia Agatha Donk and his three accomplices (no further appearances) 
 the local paramilitary police authorities inform him that they have captured a man from the Yakumo tribe, an inhabitant of the region of the jungle where Yates''s team disappeared. 
 The pain mine Long enough for me To lose the wound that invented it As none of us knows the beauty Of our own eyes Until a man tells us they are Why God made brown. 
 She looked casually in the distance at the cross and could see a man far behind in the distant paddock looking at her. 
 The Claimant is a man now aged 40 who became incapable of work on 27 October 1997
 A man retiring in 2015/9 with average manual worker''s pay and absences since 2015 will get £19.99 a week additional pension. 
 In October, 1969, a man identified only as L.C. and his business associate  Charlie  were driving north from Abbeville
 A man who is not a Brahmachari, in whom gross semen is formed, may, on the other hand, smell like a buck goat. 
 That''s pretty amazing for a man who is the musical patriarch of his tribe. 
 He later wrestled there again, with a man named Billy McCallum who afterwards tried to murder him.) 
 The sensation of a man rubbing my dick made me moan and squirm with lust and excitement
 "It has been said that a woman with a man is like a fish without a bicycle. 
 Why are we so worried about the specifics of his face, but ignoring the overall picture of a man who takes time to straighten his hair and wear green contacts? 
 A Man Named Joe Standard Democrat, April 23, 1937 
 Let those who impugn the devotion to Our Blessed Lady know that it stands on record that by means of it a man recovered, at this Church in Zaragoza, one of his legs which had been amputated. 
 The truth is that it was invented by a man named George Marsaglia. 
 She must have felt uncomfortable being at the well with a man , and a Jewish one at that – a race that hated Samaritans. 
 He was not a youthful gullible seventeen-year-old any longer however, Escorts in London client had turned into a man obviously. 
 As we have said, man lost this possibility at the time of the first disobedience, and thereafter became gradually a man with his moral nature sinking lower and lower until, he became almost lost in the condition of the beasts in the field. 
 For example, a man has an intense fear of riding in elevators
 so can outrun a man for short distances. 
 and for the preacher to suppose that the great world teacher must be a man with this great personal magnetism
 From a man doomed to spend his life trying to find solutions to cancer; to a new mother haunted by a swaddling
 In the first, a man received a blow to the head with a [...] 
 Illinois-14 will be sending someone of substance to the Congress  a man with serious scientific credentials and successful business experience. 
 This is the environment that exemplifies healthy relationship between a man 
 Sometimes a man likes to eat by himself: 
 In the centre of the monument between Ionic columns are the figures of a man in armour kneeling opposite his wife at a desk and behind them is a man standing. 
 It''s identified as that of a man who was buried a few days earlier. 
 And if a man be not very watchfull  they will by dextrously filling him out Drink  according to the Custome of the Countrey
 one showing a crucifix in a churchyard  Flemish or German  late 16th-century  and one  also foreign  showing a man preaching in a church  17th-century
 A man ? 
 "With a man ? 
 How can a man be so beautiful? 
 Before Ray could reply, a man in a suit dashed out of Harrods, shouting "Run! 
 made a face at him that might have been the inadvertent water-choked grimace of a man nearing exhaustion -- or might have meant that Ray Doyle was fed up -- and turned to begin again. 
 He''d not had a man inside him since Bodie had left. 
 The driver who became a hero of French sport will be able to retire that reputation and live on as a team owner, a man facing a struggle to keep his outfit on the road and in the races, according to the rumour mill. 
 (He is a man who doesn''t normally throw rainbow bouquets around.) Link to video if anyone is interested: 
 A man in this circumstance while by does not. 
 A man with a gun was only a problem if he was committed to firing it. 
 The difference now is that he is a man setting out - just - on his sixth decade! 
 I was assured by a man ducking next to me, They do not want your life, bwana. 
 When he''d followed Banshee''s barking to peer over a cliff and found a man , bruised, bloody and unconscious, sprawled on a ledge nearly fifteen feet below. 
 The woman who placed the call said that a man dressed in a U.S. Marshals tactical vest and tan khakis knocked on her front door while she was showering. 
 but to see how he spiraled and dug his way out  then making it a priority to help Kacey  showed what kind of a man he is and how perfect he is for Kacey. 
 Voters who dislike Mr. Bush see a man who criticized the president on the conduct of that war. 
 Anyone still reading can decide for themselves how accurate the statements of a man who thinks that 1000 years counts as "rather a recent" time for a nation to exist, actually are. 
 no doubt " said she  "and of course he would not come here to be talked of; he would not like that any more than I. A man that comes here to us out of pure good nature and nothing else." 
 It was a Wednesday morning when a man named Burt  who worked for the court
 As I passed the nurse''s station, Mrs. Crouch gave me another one of those looks women give a man when they think he is going to asked them another stupid question. 
 Think this is a world wide problem with male culture – proving yourself a man has become synonymous with hating with women. 
 turning the former midnight rover into a man in slippers watching O''Reilly at 8 pm, but also in what may be the deepest way of all. 
 Because of what he was subjected to, he doesn''t think he''s worth much as a man . 
 If there''s one thing on this earth that can break a man down, it''s the loss of a dog. 
 A man who now resides in Mudgee charged with driving while disqualified following a carpark bingle
 The subject of the paintings include a man carrying a pole laden with coconuts, with his monkey following behind. 
 It''s understood that a man sustained a slash wound during the assault. 
 A man wrosk on his U.S. Taxes with 1040, tax instruction book and calculator on table. 
 This may have deeper theological implications then I should get into, but a man I really respect once said this
 a man and are aware of how difficult it can be), and this can make all the difference. 
 They form a team when some of Knight''s money goes missing, a man disappears
 1939: A man who was turned away 
 A MAN has died following a single vehicle crash in Rydal on Thursday afternoon. 
 a man can be in the presence of a woman: 
 Here was a man that many hearers of Rachmaninov''s music might consider a barbarian or a savage  yet he radiated the same quiet
 The second is a man in his 40s who is at home in isolation. 
 A man 
 DeGrave recalls, "I think women were happy to have him in the class but they seemed amazed that a man would want to spend so much time in a group quilting with them." 
 clubs  fixed tables) and fixed to tradition concepts of a man , and therefore they never articulate their tensions and emotions of failure and devaluation. 
 a man and his brother''s wife  one man and two sisters  a man and hundreds of female concubines. 
 About this time there lived a man named Twan Masaaik who was very skillful and was believed to have sprung from the stem of a kayawan (bamboo) tree. 
 In Dibakar Banerjee''s film, it''s a man eat man world (and there''s a scarecrow). 
 A man , 29, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder yesterday remains in custody. 
 Now consider the sentence: "If Mary were a man , her salary would be higher." 
 I have to laugh at the thought of just seeing a big burly man, named Hank, sitting down to buy steel toed work boots and a man in a suit is seated in front of him  on one of those triangle shaped little stools you can put your foot on
 (It was previously Lancelot.) Gwaine is funny and dangerous, and Eoin knows how far a smirk can get a man . 
 Does not Scripture say that a man and a woman, in marriage, become "...one flesh..." 
 She recalls a man taking her sister''s hat from her head as they passed him briskly. 
 and I''ve now been happily married for 15+ years to hubby #4  I totally agree that you cannot use a man 
 Only the human can understand, and consequently interpret, the human: how, therefore, shall a man who boasts he has dehumanized himself so that is mind is as impartial as that of a photographic plate
 That advice came after a report of a man doing just that – resulting in the loss of a hand. 
 All are needed but a man who doesn''t take time to think is no better than an animal who cannot think. 
 When Bella rejoins the group, a man walks up to the front porch. 
 Let us remember that when considering God''s spiritual laws – "Do not be deceived, God is not mocked; for whatever a man sows, that he will also reap. 
 a man from the Brownsville, Texas, area to see who could post the scariest threat. 
 But a man of Benedict''s rational competence  theological acumen
 They also used the "n word" towards him since he is a man of color. 
 "Psychologically, a lot of inner disturbing thoughts a woman goes through can make her more prone to depression than a man . 
 Cops arrested a man suspected of being behind the wheel when his truck hit and dragged a Sikh father in Ozone Park before speeding off
 Six sides to a man : new sonnets by Merrill Moore; reviews and comment CANADAY Center 
 They should be peeled off easily, because labels pin a man down. 
 In 2007, a man was charged with replacing the tag of a plasma TV with that of a DVD  and trying to purchase it through self-checkout
 Meanwhile Gobryas, an Assyrian, a man well advanced in years, came up on horseback with a cavalry escort; and they all carried cavalry weapons. 
 that he and Amy broke up well over a year ago  and that he''s in a committed relationship with a man named Alex. 
 Vivien Leigh wasn''t Southern; Linda Hunt isn''t a man 
 For a man whose career has so often flirted with disaster, merely being back in contention is cause enough for celebration. 
 "Fatherhood entails understanding your obligations and responsibilities as a man to your wife, children and the society at large. 
 A man 
 In 3, Priam asks Helen about a man on the battlefield, whom Helen identifies as Odysseus. 
 A man from ultimate Frisbee Ireland also came into show the pupils how to throw a Frisbee properly. 
 I recently met up with a man for sex at a hotel in Wakefield and it was the creakiest bed I have ever been fucked on. 
 I''m so very tired of this racial nonsense around Barack, a man who is himself of mixed heritage and raised, in fact, by "typical white people". 
 Which is why after 7 years of the "war on terror", I can''t bring myself to vote for a man who has stated he will continue fighting to "defend America". 
 And again today, if I have the marvelous blessing to encounter a man with whom I have this kind of relationship where I lost myself in his eyes (even if it is for few seconds), I say Oh yes! 
 We saw a coalition of parties unseated Yahya Jammeh in The Gambia; a man who boasted that he will rule for a billion years if that is what Allah ordained. 
 That''s assuming women just need to put themselves out there and a man will come calling. 
 and the only choices on the tape rack are Alison Blaire and the best of Judas Priest - hey  a man can only listen to ''Turbo Lover'' so many times, y''know?" 
 To a man -- young or old  hurt or not -- even dead or alive -- there is something about each and every one of them who will tell you
 But that form of a Man as He walked toward that energy would transform back into Spirit. 
 Karl Mordo sat back in his chair  Seville Row suit freshly pressed and emanating the kind of confidence only a man who had navigated the treacherous waters of business to great wealth possessed. 
 Chris reeled back, but then moved far too fast for a man in late middle age  and despite the fact that his prosthesis did ping to alert him to the punch coming in on his blind side
 A little backup bartered from a man who had made a fine living for forty years selling American weapons. 
 For those who would want to focus only on King James'' sins and faults, I want to remind them that King David, a man after God''s own heart, [15] also erred in judgment quite often. 
 because it''s from quite a bit later  from 1948  and I wouldn''t expect a man singing a woman''s song then, but here''s Cowboy Jack Derrick, with a bit of his "Truck Drivin'' Man" 
 It was engraved by his great-grandson King Udu of Kisk about 3245 B.C. This itself also corresponds nicely with a man named Buechner''s description of the first Grail  the Emerald Cup
 A stone called ''St Columba''s Pillow'' was unearthed in 1870 by a man whose cart bumped over the stone regularly - until he finally dug it up. 
 Mar. 9 " Wednesday fresh Breezes Nly Clear & Cold - Sent a Man to afsist the Hunters Home from the Eight Mile Island . Rest as before." 
 He didn''t even place, but the very next day, he got a call from a man who said he was the manager of a Western music group called "The Rocky Mountaineers". 
 To be the 2-nd person (a loser) for a man is worst of all. 
 In December, 1929 a man was taken, sick with typhus, to the camp hospital, and Fr. 
 "This from a man who can study in the middle of a hurricane? 
 a man into a rebel. 
 In general Russian women prefer to have a man of their own age or within reasonable age difference. 
 Mr. President, I took one look at your wife, and I knew that you were a man of exquisite taste. 
 a chalk-and-cheese-complected little stick of a man with barely gumption enough to say "boo", and mean it. 
 whose articles and news we had reproduced on The CAC Review  a man who had regularly corresponded with me over several years  suddenly died on 09 January  2008
 A man floats by. 
 He falls from the sky like a bird, like a plane (she remembers this from before, before the cold and), like a man who falls from clouds. 
 a man ; why should I fear to die? 
 Earlier in the night, Rihanna revealed her New Year''s resolution: "Same as the last 5yrs, lose weight, get a man , make mo $$! 
 A man sins–even commits adultery–when he cherishes that thought of lust in his heart. 
 And yet, a man with the name God Strengthens made exactly this experience. 
 After finishing his purchases he made his way to the starport and as he turned to another street he was faced with a man pointing a blaster at him. 
 One stares blankly out to the street, unflinching as a man with a large blow-up penis tied to his middle thrusts it noncommittally in her direction
 ItÕs awesome to think that weÕre looking at the same scenery that Jesus looked at as a man – rolling green hills, Bedouin shepherds with their sheep, the occasional small town looking ancient and run-down. 
 If he was a woman he ought to have been born a man , for he lived and looked like one." 
 In New York City, a man faces hate crime charges after allegedly robbing or attempting to rob six women in Brooklyn. 
 She met a man online while playing a game in 2018. 
 A man 
 decided (ill-advisedly) on a slightly midriff-bearing shirt  and was appearing in public with a man whose facial hair called to mind the mid-to-late 90s, even though we were well into the second month of 2002: 
 but the two  through lots of shared experiences (he stops a man raping her, she beats up a couple of kids who knocked him down). 
 Teach a man to fish, and he makes fish sticks and starts dressing all nautical and saying things like "Har! 
 The idea of a man giving birth to his son is a perhaps somewhat brain-bending for most audience members
 whereas most women felt more like a woman than a man (and vice versa). 
 Your wife should''ve married a cuckold – a man 
 I lamented this to Poet who quickly replied with a scholarly drawl, "You can always judge a man by the fierceness of his enemies." 
 22:5 about women wearing clothing pertaining to a man . 
 But, how did Newton go from being such a reprobate to a man mightily used of God. 
 particularly if the woman''s older - and it''s going to look worse now - she  a woman of 60  having an affair with a man young enough to be her son; she still has pride left. 
 Excerpt from my book "What We Blacks Need To Do" –''A robber approached a man on a dark street pointed his gun and said "give me your money". 
 It''s about two people, a man and a woman  who meet holding hands upside down
 New contributor Alex Jenks has a man with a guilty conscience meet a demon who''s all too willing to push him over the edge: Tipsy Tapsy. 
 Vibhinduka JB  Vetasvant PB  Vailasthånaka armaka  Mahåvailastha armaka RV  Śaryaåvant RV  JB  Sarvacaru (name of a man or place) AB, KB, Såcīgua AB. 
 a man and his wife, but its inheritance limited to the heirs of the wife). 
 "Says a man who spreads yeast extract on toast," Spike shot back. 
 To return to the argument; it is perfectly true that when a man can prevent a thing, and does not, that thing may be said to proceed from his will. 
 While some men are busy denying paternity, a man 
 Such a man Shakespeare evidently considered dangerous. 
 Built for a man 6"2 on a custom stretch Fiero GT. 100% complete has V6 with a five speed gear box  Ice cold air  heat  stereo
 One can feel for a man so beaten down by fortune  if with lacerated mind he breaks out sometimes into words of excessive blame
 Today he lives in Las Vegas and recently released his first solo album, A Man For All Seasons: 1st Season Summer, a collection of Italian folk songs. 
 Peter rebuked him and said: "Stand up, I am only a man myself." 
 Fortunately, she was still young enough to catch herself a man if she found a descent one once she reached California. 
 Frank Williamson is a man on the run. 
 and  in fact  the world was gagging to be porked by a man dressed entirely in tinfoil with no eyebrows. 
 During the final dance number after Beast is turned back into a man , party guests are dancing and changing partners often. 
 Here was a man whose genius was far superior to that of Edison''s! 
 First Principle--Differentiation: No spiritual or mental part of a woman is like any part of a man and vice versa. 
 There was a man on his knees, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. 
 There were more behind them, a man limping towards him on bloody stumps, a child with no face. 
 "The Queen was Actually a Man : Arwa Bint Ahmad and the Politics of Religion." 
 How could evangelistic intensity weigh so heavy on a man that he was prepared to be cut off from any association with the Lord Jesus, to see that desire fulfilled? 
 Ishmael is a man separated from his history. 
 and expires  so that we do not know if his faith worked and he was the real Son of God  or whether he was "just" a man whose teachings spread across the globe. 
 I think back on Moms Mabley: " A man came up to me and said, ''Moms, you remember the good ol'' days?'' 
 The conclusion explains how a man was arrested and served 15 years for an attack on a young women in Halifax. 
 and Paul said that when he was old he put away childish things  and that he thought as a man and spoke as a man . 
 Yesterday I made the acquaintance of a man 
 but what I''m working on now is a home invasion thriller about a couple who buy a house with stolen money from a man who isn''t ready to give it up. 
 According to early reports, a man with multiple guns entered the K-4 school soon after 9:30 a.m. and began shooting. 
 Pete Santilli''s attorney Thomas Coan, has filed a motion to suppress the key prosecution testimony of a man who claimed he observed Santilli at a Harney County Committee of Safety meeting on December 22, 2015. 
 Fight like a man !" 
 She comments that many women have to do a job that''s not just equal but better than a man to be seen as equal. 
 A man was fatally shot after an argument over the University of Alabama-Texas A&M University football game
 Minn.  is investigating a claim posted on an Al Shabaab Web forum that a man from that city was a suicide bomber who detonated himself in a blast Monday that killed two African Union soldiers. 
 Witnesses in Clapham, a neighborhood in South London where Everard was kidnapped, described seeing a man in dark clothing handcuffing a young woman before putting her in the back of the car and driving off. 
 On Friday, I had played a video of a man 
 The video was uploaded Tuesday night and shows a man , identified as Hall, with his hands in the air on top of the bridge. 
 E10 at 15:37hrs on Saturday  5 January following reports of a man injured. 
 It all started, as it so often does, with a letter from a man who wanted to explain to women how to take responsibility for pregnancies. 
 They felt let down, even if his wife understood that he felt obligated to a man he''d just met and had been threatened by. 
 QUETTA: A man was killed and ten others injured in an attack on Punjab-bound Jaffar Express on Friday, police said." 
 One of them enthusiastically examines a photo on his smartphone in the company of a man with a red five-pointed star on his cap. 
 What''s a man got to do to get a book deal these days short of having a talent bypass and changing your name to Ben Elton? 
 The first tells the story of a conquistador searching for the Tree of Life for his queen while in 2005, a man is trying to find a cure for his wife''s illness. 
 Week 139: Case 2 A man in his 40s had a painful knee for three months. 
 Recently I received a phone call from a man who after the Sept. 11 events left his church, Assembly of God I believe. 
 a man of huge stature and excelled in strength those who came agaisnt him). 
 Stanford was a man of unusual energy sometimes working day and night without stopping
 The fat girl in my story existed, but she was a man , and one of my best friends. 
 I saw now that a man alone is but a being that may become a man –that he is but a need, and therefore a possibility. 
 He was a man of energy and enterprise, and bore a high reputation in his community. 
 This is a man for whom operating at high altitudes where bold classical and jazz forms intermingle is nothing unusual. 
 He became the owner of city property and a man of substance. 
 We went back after the interval and everyone was ready for more, a man came on who brought everyone''s mood up. 
 By these methods he made a great progress in the sciences, and there was not a man . in Rome  who surpassed him in grammar  logic
 He seems rather to speak like a doctor of a revealed law, than a man who had no light but what the law of nature afforded him, and he taught as forcibly by example as by precept. 
 His ambition has given him a considerable place in ecclesiastical and civil history; and he appears to have been a man of extraordinary talents. 
 ABC News(SEATTLE) -- Police believe a man 
 The passages says that "When a man is such that he does not believe that he will live after death
 But the girl''s extended family are upset she was put into the care of a man who molested her and the fact it took four days for CYF to remove her once the allegations were made. 
 an eloquent orator  a subtile philosopher and skilful disputant  an exact preacher both in Latin and English  and a man of good temper and address. 
 numbering among his early friends in life  he calls  a man of eminent parts and great learning out of his profession, and in his profession of signal reputation. 
 A man claiming to be interested in buying a motorbike went into Regency Supersports  Brimington
 Monday 18th April 2011 A man 
 And the thing that brought me into it more quickly than anything was a man who had a cancer of the stomach. 
 I had the first dog watch (4.0 to 6.0 p.m.), in the battery so I made arrangements with the Gunner''s Mate on watch to send a man down and let me know when it was 3.30 p.m. We lay down and had quite a comfortable sleep
 The taskmaster is very popular, and on that account can extract the best work out of a man . 
 ; a West-Semitic name: A man 
 Here it is: There was a widow (Anne) and her daughter (Jane) and a man (George) and his son (Henry). 
 When he has grown tired of grappling with his own boyish ego, he may return one day to take you as a man for you now finally and unabashedly respect yourself as a woman. 
 Sounds like David is a man after my own heart  in that we both eschew false sentimentality
 it had lots of sexual references toward masturbation  sex  and references toward whether Adams assistant was a man or a woman. 
 yet it was God who was to thank for this harmony between a man and woman. 
 And then entered a man whose years seemed to be something short of fifty  a hale  ruddy-cheeked  stoutish man
 The Arabian merchants must necessarily have slaves; and why not me as well as another, since, as well as another, I am a man ? 
 she heard a man and woman in the street mention her name. 
 and sickened by long failure  as well as maddened by the absurdity that if you wanted a horse you must first get a man , neglected this really good advice. 
 sick and well  joined in it to a man . 
 Jail Diary was based on the experiences of a man imprisoned in South Africa in the 1960s  and The Bundle  set in medieval Japan
 Clinical case: Material presented regarding management of a man with a past history of diabetes
 A man named Chichester, who resided near Jones and who guided the marauders, was captured while escaping and put in prison. 
 of course the classic anti-argument is Falstaff at Shrewsbury which might be taken to indicate that it was written by a man experienced in and weary of fighting, or just one blessed with immense cynicism or common sense. 
 HMAS Melbourne had a man washed overboard and a signalman thrown from the rigging in heavy seas. 
 It might have been that a man opposite had murdered his wife and put her in a suitcase as James Stewart speculates
 never forced--and introduced various topics of conversation  one after the other  with the manner of a man whose thoughts were far away from his words
 07.03.06 : Daly, Louise H., Alexander Cheves Haskell: Portrait of a Man , published in 1934. 
 Lord Eiotan is a man of his word  and when Ayala misbehaves she quickly finds herself over his knee for a long
 A man or woman frowns at Todd and says, "Si? 
 When a man reaches the summit of renunciation, he is revered as the highest manifestation of God Himself. 
 Farr pressed him on this point: "If your classes are private, and a woman can teach a man in private, why can''t a woman teach a man in one of your classes?" 
 The Catlady''s a man , man. 
 Immediately my friend Ariel was by my side; and just like in the movies, a man rushed over yelling, "I''m a doctor!" 
 In Matthew 20:1-16 our Lord tells the story of a man who owns a vineyard, and he hires workers for a day''s wage to go and work in the vineyard. 
 He was a man , and reminded me what a clear-cut physical attraction felt like. 
 I can''t imagine he took his absence lightly, especially for a man with his daily occupations
 How could a man who so eloquently attracts people toward honors
 For the time being, the Pacers have a man that will keep this team competitive. 
 " A man can''t starve with four hundred dollars, I guess." 
 A man   slouching along with bent head and his hands thrust deep into the pockets of his tattered coat
 And all the time the mountebank stood stupidly before him like a man dazed, and the little girl wept and clung to the big peasant''s hand. 
 A man succeeds because he has more power of eye than another, and so coaxes or confounds him. 
 The weak-willed youth who took no interest in polities and never read a newspaper had grown into a man 
 it sounded like a man who was trying to destroy himself. 
 His father, who died in Chichester, Sussex, in 1756, is revealed in letters to his son in America as a man of some property.[ 
 a man or a woman who loses their unity and balance inside their home and their marriage  and virtually runs out to the open
 late Rector of the University of Virginia (PL4214)  desire to place on record their estimate of his worth  as a man and their appreciation of his services in the important public employments to which at various times he was called." 
 "I''ll take him home and make a man of him
 Again, the kingdom of heaven is like treasure hidden in a field, which a man found and hid; and for joy over it he goes and sells all that he has and buys that field. 
 and although it could have come across as cliche with him  I found him very attractive and convincing as a man . 
 As the story unfolds, we discover a man 
 By way of contrast, Patston has to paraphrase such passages as Eccl 2:24ff as " a man can do nothing better than let God be his generous creator – to accept the gifts of God." 
 by doing which a man shall live: I am the LORD." 
 HOW TO IMPRESS A MAN Arrive naked. 
 but wait until morning so their army would meet Owain in broad daylight as befitting a man of his noble status and not seek to ambush him at night. 
 a man by the name of Randall. 
 He was a man of strictest truthfulness and integrity  and in his opinions was ever firm and staunch
 It is our conclusion that the Caradog in this chart was a man closely related to the royal family of Gwynedd
 The topics covered include ''Frienemies'', the different types of connections that can be expected with a man , the art of meaningful Soul connection and a wealth of inspirational true love stores. 
 There Was A Man Sophia Hochman....... 
 Clad only in her nightgown and shawl, and clutching a baby that had been given to her by a man on board, she was thrown into a lifeboat as the great ship sank. 
 Bauer was a man with big ambitions: he wanted to map the geomagnetic field of the entire Earth. 
 Once while in a tavern, a man approached him and offered to buy him a beer. 
 God was displeased with what David had done but continued to accept David; and in Acts 13:22 God found David " a man after my heart, who will do all my will." 
 winged lion (St Mark)  eagle (St John) and a seated  winged angel with the face of a man (St Matthew). 
 and in God as God... the real wonder of it all only comes to me as I see that wealth of glory coming down into the face of a Man - as I see that expressed in a Man - all taken up in a Man. 
 It takes a work of God in a man 
 The moment God gives a man faith--and that he can do at any time--the instant the heart casts itself into the arms of Jesus crucified
 as well as outward tribulation  becomes  through divine grace  a man of a large wealth of knowledge  prudence  faith  foresight  and wisdom
 So far as the final result in the other world is concerned, it matters little whether a man adds unbelief to his carelessness, or not. 
 A.W. Tozer was once quoted as saying, ''There is one thing for certain you knew if you saw a man carrying his cross out of the city- you knew he wasn''t coming back.'' 
 He is a man of PRAYER. 
 Such a title is the greatest honor a man could receive, but I find no happiness in it just like everything else. 
 Asaph was a man divinely inspired, a prophet; as well as one of the masters of music. 
 "God is not a man   that he should lie; neither the son of man  that he should repent: hath he said  and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken
 You never find a man saying to you, "I don''t profess to be a chaste living man." 
 As a man in a black leather jacket  jeans
 Success can make a man sleep by making him cocksure. 
 Except a man have ears he cannot apprehend the kingdom of sound. 
 I was so shocked to see this coming from a man who keeps things, or used to on eSangha, quiet. 
 He was a man of unusual mind and capacities and was able to develop mental feats quite beyond the average man
 But if a man thinks of nothing but amusing himself, he is like a horse who stands still in the middle of a journey, and begins feeding. 
 above all  of that sturdy independence  without which a man is not a man, but the mere slave, or plaything, of his more cunning fellows. 
 He will tell you, " A man must have justice done him; a man must see fair play for himself; a man must think of himself." 
 He was never a man to fool himself
 and to have  as it were  heaven opened before his eyes; and it is good for a man sometimes actually to FEEL his heart overpowered with the glorious majesty of God
 After all, what difference is there between a man and a beast? 
 If peace has been otherwise sought and cannot be attained, a man may go to law and yet be a peaceable man. 
 What can a man do in this hour when conscience is awakened
 Many a man who is now honored in the world owes all his power and influence to a woman  perhaps too much forgotten now
 According to this view, in that moment when a man yields himself to the Lord Jesus Christ, the boundaries of his life are changed for him. 
 Through the long, long night there wrestled a man with him. 
 It is a spectacle for men and angels, when a man has become old in feeling and worn-out before his time. 
 which most surely conducts to wretchedness and ruin  but makes a man an object of compassion rather than of condemnation. 
 In a little shop on a back street, a man makes a mariner''s compass. 
 My sin sometimes drives me like a man bereft of his reason and clean demented.'' 
 Old sci-f- i ideas are dealt with in extraordinarily new and clever ways, but the human drama of a man "reunited" with his laugh-out-lou- d I Idrmi P.M. Hon. PQ-1- non-nud- fist-fig- n "Everyman")  no clever dialogue
 There was even a man on stilts walking around the crowd - It was almost reminiscent of the "Rolling Stones Rock & Roll Circus" from 1968
 and if Bill wanted to identify him for another round – this time face to face – he would need only look for a man with a clover enchantment on the back of his left hand. 
 A man 
 After winning Sportsman of the Year in 1992 (a rarity for a retired athlete but a noble gesture for a man who transcended his sport), he died in 1993 of AIDS-related pneumonia. 
 He is a man who has been credibly accused of corruption by writers far greater than I
 "Lincoln  A Man of the People," at the dedication of the Lincoln Memorial. 
 Under the harsh, glaring light of the operating theatre, in full view of the surgeon and his assistants, a man dies; a harmless old man a ''death on the table'' such as leaves no member of the medical profession unmoved. 
 I''m in arch for a man that is definit korean girls in Woburn  Terre Haute Indiana  Carthage  Idalou TX  Cape May Court House New Jersey
 Neville was a man with a mission: Find Draco, snog Draco. 
 because she knew that she could never love a man enough to willingly marry him. 
 Half buried in the snow was a man , dressed in only a black trench coat leaning against the fence. 
 struggling to gain a hold on his rampantly running libido  which seemed to forget how to distinguish between a man and a woman. 
 "They''re here," McGonagall says, and Harry looks up at the two Aurors who enter the room, followed by a man in an ugly bowler hat. 
 It wasn''t until he noticed one return ''customer'' in particular, a man with hair and eyes so dark they were nearly black, that he began to realize that it was the Reaper who was recruiting. 
 He was a man and she was a woman, You finally noticed, did you, gunslinger? 
 Just like wizards took responsibility to teach their daughter how to please a man , witches did the same with their male children. 
 An older woman he didn''t recognize, was also pointing her wand at him, and a man with scars on his face and a weird spinning eyes as also casting a spell at him. 
 He puts out his hand immediately, and she presses it to his fingers: an older couple, labelled Frank and Alice, with a man Harry recognizes as well as his own reflection. 
 Scotch waved to a man sitting underneath a large winding staircase. 
 Filla once told me he could have been in the Olympics, but early on in his career he killed a man in the ring, and then almost killed another shortly afterward in a pub brawl. 
 Dealing with a man like him in a situation like that took a little finesse. 
 A Man , a Plan . . . When one branch of government declares war on another. 
 Piccolo heard a man scream bloody murder and his body hit the forest floor. 
 The only thing a man don''t have to learn in his whole life is to yell. 
 for my teacher immediately added - I can show you a direct proof of this; a man can whirl around his head a pail filled with water without its being spilt  and so  in like manner
 A man of ill-health
 Spotting a man coming out a house where the pigeon has landed  the Comet comes up behind him  grabs him  flies him high into the air
 turned and gave him a very serious look that if it had the power to do so could kill a man on the spot. 
 Best was able to recognize the suspect in his security camera video as a man who''d visited his apartment with a friend a week before the break-in. 
 For a man to rebel, to leave a comfortable home and to search for truth are noble acts. 
 It was extraordinary for a man to come down the mountain with his son still alive. 
 My understanding of Jesus is that he was a man who found a way to God. 
 The second monologue introduces a man in a bar (John Vernon) called Ben and Joe''s. 
 Or worse, a man with a gun bent on giving me terminal indigestion. 
 A man who answered a call to 927 Fifth Avenue''s management office last night said no one was available for comment. 
 a man out of a stupid and very limited animal.... 
 Then you dragged in another from the market-place, a man who was poor and who belonged to a class which in every other city is counted as the very dregs  but who among you
 " A man named Yugato Takemoto." 
 a man ...who tried to unite all humankind through faith and love" 
 Then Bennie gave the cat to a man who had a bomb When he took the cat away  she was acting cool and calm And then the bomb exploded
 If men can''t tell who is a man and who is a woman, how will they know who is human and whom to use, whom to fuck? 
 A door opened and a man walked in from the house side. 
 Edward Lee  the owner of a chain of drapery stores in Bray  Dún Laoghaire  Rathmines and Dublin and a man of high principle, who disagreed with the tactics of the employers and was prepared to stand up and say so. 
 From the perspective of eating, sticking to a "Paleolithic" or ketogenic diet can have a tremendous impact on helping a man to achieve optimal hormone balance. 
 schools  restrooms and water fountains  I was called to pray for the life of a man who espoused a cause that basically hates my guts. 
 Other factors may come into play, but naturally speaking, a man and a women producing a baby is an unavoidable part of that process (which  inter alia
 AFZ Posted by comet (# 10353) on : I do love a man who can handle his wood well... 
 After an Israeli soldier fatally shot a Palestinian today, a man from the village holds a Palestinian flag stained with his blood. 
 The North Atlantic, March 1964: a Nazi submarine recovers a man frozen in a block of ice, floating in the water. 
 A man called Saul accepts the challenge and quickly emulates the Assyrians by levying troops. 
 He was never a man to shy away from things when they needed doing and he was a man you could rely on. 
 Antonio, the ship''s captain, called herself both a woman and a man . 
 "Like any rookie, as he becomes a man he''s going to gain weight. 
 The most recent reports involve two women – on in her 20s and one in her 40s – and a man in his 40s. 
 Most laypersons were united on one opinion: they expected their clergyman (and he was, of course, a man at this time) to have a good grasp of Scripture and doctrine and promised that  if they were in his place
 One of the vehicles that had been stolen drove right past police officer Mike Serafin, as he was interviewing a man who chased after thieves who were breaking into his car on Parker House Path. 
 I am not so stamping this female for her economic or social position but for she might have appeared to a man - any man for that matter. 
 It was unfortunate the Derby d''Italia came at the end of seven games in 21 days, and in particular after 45 minutes short a man at Sampdoria and 90 energy-sapping minutes at the Camp Nou
 I Never Loved A Man The Way I Love You Aretha Franklin, Respect And The Making Of A Soul Masterpiece 
 Strange Sentence A Florida judge sentenced a man to listen to an opera as punishment for playing rap music too loudly in his car. 
 receiving a "C" from a man 
 Or like the name "Montague" not in any part belonging to a man (or woman)... 
 This framing is coming from a man 
 Dressed less like a man of the cloth than a stage magician you''d hire for a kid''s birthday party--top hat  tails
 Few days ago, a newspaper report appeared that a man strangles his two children and hangs himself after wife dies. 
 Give a man the choice between a 6/4 fav... 
 So anyway with a man like that  Bowen with that kind of stature  with people showing that kind of regard and difference to him
 Dr. Forbes Winslow mentions the case of a man who could remember "the day when every person had been buried in the parish for thirty-five years
 Shortly after the war had ended the first Garden had been established by a man named Cid and his wife, ironically a sorceress named Edea. 
 Never look upon a man , especially upon a young man, except in their company. 
 He smelled like a man . 
 You may as well talk to a man in the hebrew  chinese  or choctaw languages  as in our own
 "If you are a man confirmed in a PC(USA) congregation, you are a member of the PC(USA)''s Presbyterian Men ministry," Abrams said. 
 The best actor award went to the French Vincent Lindon for his role in La Loi Du Marché (''The Measure of a Man '') by director Stéphane Brizé. 
 "I remember the night that he came in From the wintery cold and damp A giant of a man 
 Au contraire, it is an insult to call a woman a cocksucker and it is an insult to call a man or woman a motherfucker. 
 getting caught close to a stone-throwing demonstration and interviewing a man who was blinded during the protests in 2017. 
 Something we can be sure of is that Dr Barry did everything in his power to secure his legacy, and that he be remembered as a man . 
 a smidgeon of racial tension  for the most part.) The viewpoint character -- call him the Kid -- is a man whose identity is anchored weakly enough that he is primarily -- as he keeps repeating
 if he killed a man during archery practise
 On reaching the train station with my husband, we were met by a man rolling a cigarette, looking a little ''down and out''. 
 when the curator of the show is David Sylvester  a close friend of the artist  the major expert on Bacon''s work  and a man who has turned the mak- ing of exhibitions into an art form in its own right. 
 and needs to keep working in order to save enough money for a boob job  in order to snag " a man who will take care of me." 
 When I was a barman for a while 25 years ago it always fascinated me to watch a man who could- outfumble his friends for an entire session. 
 a man opened for them and then closed behind them, into a magnificent compound. 
 There is much substance in Emerson''s advice : " A man who would be a man must be a non-conformist ; he must hold Plato at arm''s length  say to him
 Thus a man can be defined as an animal which laughs.'' 
 a man so powerful as Herr von Holstein. 
 "And the Kingdom of God is like... a man who finds a really pretty pearl – best pearl you''ve ever seen! 
 A Man and A Woman (the title song was recorded by Ella Fitzgerald  Matt Monro and Johnny Mathis
 If you are going out with a man that  after the first round of sex  he quickly recovers  be careful  such a person might be taking enhancement drugs
 This is a man who has championed education causes as rigorously and enthusiastically as anyone in state history and yet
 While on the phone, Mitchell, 38, glimpsed a man nearby, seemingly talking in tune to the voice on the phone. 
 Though women, such as myself, no longer consider themselves dependent on a man 
 Beautiful Jim Key : the lost history of a horse and a man who changed the world / Mim Eichler Rivas. 
 Unless you''re a man or I want to disguise something I need the image straight on for the agencies. 
 I know him to be a man of his word; he does not make promises he cannot keep; just like I am holding Jonathan to his promises that he never kept. 
 though she was only nine then  and couldnt know much about the ceremony except that Marcellus was expected to act like a man now." 
 Round 3 1) If an Oedipus complex is the name for a man who is in love with his mother
 even for the works and industries they create  and those works won''t be legitimised until a man appropriates them." 
 Since it would be impossible for a man to act as an intelligent being unless he could first think  the very idea of man supposes a center of consciousness
 Mexico City – A man 
 In this poem a man named O''Driscoll sees a vision of his wife Bridget  and he also sees various dancers and old men
 Joseph is a man of wealth, but "not a man of high standing" in the community (p.75). 
 Even when it is not required, a man still has the option to appear before the board. 
 Take no teaching from a man , except the fire of inspiration pours through him until the inner ear of you automatically makes the agreement. 
 God became a man 
 how a man divorces his wife, etc.) This is augmented by the Hadiths and Fiqh that has defined and expanded Sharia. 
 A woman holds a statue till he becomes a man ." 
 The death of Orlando Powers at 12:50 p.m. Tuesday removed from this community a man 
 And what about the fact that a man 
 This 1935 photo shows a man pitching rice into a cutter while another worker rests atop the sacks of hulled rice. 
 Instead, Kinnear''s Kearns exists as a man whose very soul seems to have been wounded by this unethical betrayal. 
 the little window l''i\i-ion doetors  .\le.\ei lvanmitwh  a man trorn little liu \ia. lteloved "it. its all  whether in the t ltt''iad or the arnn
 As we listen to his labored breathing, even in silence it becomes abundantly clear that Daniel Plainview is a man whom we may not admire but we cannot ignore. 
 German expressionist drama of a man searching for the ultimate thrill. 
 "You''re a man of high position, esteemed by all your peers. 
 I pray that you allow me to marry a man and form a true conjugal bond from which only death can seperate us.. 
 The memorial to the ''Men of Bute'' who fought under Sir John Stewart and fell to a man at the Battle of Falkirk in 1298 takes the form of a stone cairn with memorial tablet set onto the face. 
 a man can have an erection after his death?! 
 Those who kill creatures for food or sport, soon somewhat die within, And some become so hardened that they could kill a man and grin. 
 What a man !" 
 She knew what happened between a man and a woman  she would be naive not to  she had seen animals coupling
 A man like Inuyasha would never...." 
 If I''m going to watch a film about a man raised by apes  I want the pulp – Tarzan wrestling tigers  saving Jane from a shameful villain
 Kenshin rolled his eyes, but none the less, followed his friend out of the Library, handing the rifle bag to a man on the way out to be disposed of. 
 They make a deal: she''ll make him a man if he does all the work. 
 Sango would never have believed such a brat of a man would ever have the patience to endure taking care of a sick child  let alone a sick woman
 A man used for a man''s pleasure! 
 The crowd of fangirls parted suddenly for a man in his mid 30''s and dressed in a business suit. 
 Her words were cut off as a man burst through the door. 
 "What can I say; I''m a man who appreciates his ale." 
 Snapping around with agility a man bordering sixty should not possess, his eyes blazed with a hell fury. 
 When directed, Inuyasha dismounted from his horse and a man clad in red took the reins from him before he could protest. 
 Then again Naru reminded herself Kouga wasn''t a man ; he was a real live demon. 
 B: Never could I hope to teach anything to a man as wise as you, Diogenes. 
 A man who would expect to be obeyed. 
 One may be born a man but may choose to love men  or even choose to become a woman through gender changing procedures
 right after those Shadows  like you said  were killed  the image of a man appeared. 
 a man of colour dies
 I am a man of many loves. 
 and there is a spiritual body. #7026 ...Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. 
 When it comes to religious practices, Mohammed is like a man in a shopping mall... 
 Richard Smith you have been like a second father to me over the years and have helped mold me into a man 
 Once I fell in love with a man in a dress. 
 Soon, though, we found ourselves hosting a family: a man and woman, their baby son, and the ten-year-old sister of the woman. 
 a Man 
 a man who counted the Royal Family among his many friends. 
 He had the self-contained movements of a man about to be asked to show how good he is, a man who knows he is more than good enough. 
 Now, a week before the show, IAF officials had detained a man for moving around suspiciously at the air base. 
 Ali, a convert to the Muslim faith, was a man 
 Winning a bet cost a man his life. 
 Its extremely offensive and racist plot, involving a man masquerading as a sassy black lady, stirred a ton of controversy when the trailer was released. 
 This is hard for a man to comprehend. 
 This is not the place to recite his memories of centuries gone by, but that fact explans why he is also a man of many languages. 
 He was allowed to interview a man he last saw protesting all those years ago, was surprised he now spouts the party line. 
 A man named Jack Black had been picked up at a downtown tavern. 
 Rene is a gutless whiner (and knows it)  studying courses that lead nowhere and sees Tillman  a man who had earned more than he ever will, give it all up to defend his country and made the ultimate sacrifice doing so. 
 in the Islamic conception of family are included a man''s wife or wives (Islam permits a man to have up to four wives at a time)  concubines  children  and more  meaning parents  grandparents  brothers
 who  by all revisionist accounts  was an incompetent general  a man who had no sympathy for the original American idea
 OH where I was born) we went up to Lake Superior (not too sure but think that was lake) on Canadian side to a cabin owned by a man my dad worked with. 
 The following Washington Post article is a Q&A with a man named Desmond D''Sa. 
 But as a man gets old, he can just brag of his lust and is proud of it. 
 Pip Utton''s latest solo show addresses those questions in a convincing and moving picture of a man 
 I feel that you legislators sitting before me will rise to a man 
 What happened to works of Ivo Andric after his death was a game of unforeseen world events in which a man feels powerless. 
 [I once worked at a place that a man came to night after night spending all his cash in the slot machines
 Poster has a red background with a black and white line drawing of a man in the lower left corner. 
 A man of his word: Ryan Perrilloux graduates from Jacksonville State, a promise he made 4 years ago 48 people recommend this. 
 Yet in the midst of this God raises up a man to a certain family of the Danites whose name was Samson so as to help the Children of Israel not hurt them. 
 Challenge to Liberty  which moved the bemused and wondering Nock to exclaim: "Think of a book on such a subject  by such a man !" 
 How could a man help being sad and even bitter  if ever so exalted in soul  when he saw that his warnings were utterly disregarded
 Johnnie Dowd (James Hoare) – "I want the gang to see me as a man and not a boy." 
 In Paul''s admonition, "But I do not allow a woman to teach or exercise authority over a man ," "teach" is in reference to the church assembly / congregation. 
 A lot of people today say that a man should not expect sex all the time  should not cheat  etc.
 but it was even worse if she allowed herself to become intoxicated and  in doing so  behave like a man . 
 As a youth of sixteen Grettir kills a man and is outlawed; all the rest of his life he devotes  with remarkable composure
 From this came the story of a man betrayed by his wife  and driven to insanity by his desire to rid himself of The Undertaker
 a man . 
 To know that a woman is more than a man is in itself true education. 
 He will seem so to us because he has no desire and no aim, is not subject to attachments and aversions; he is a man who has ceased from karma. 
 A man 
 in my opinion  emphasizes the interpretation that I have put upon the whole teaching of the Gita  namely  that when a man has lost his egotism and his 1 
 Withdrawn and even robotic as Belichick can be under his mask, he''s still a man of profound human emotion that sometimes spills out when he feels safe. 
 A king is sovereign over his country, a man is sovereign over his house. 
 Be a man ! 
 A man 
 Thus, if you run a man through the heart with a sword  by necessity of NATURAL consequence he must die: and if you are caught
 "In order to obtain and hold power, a man must love it." 
 June Nealon has suffered the most horrific tragedy - her husband and daughter were murdered by a man she hired to work on her house. 
 Situation: A man of total non-whiteness approached an opulent home on this block. 
 As a man   I underwent a predictable set of thoughts and feelings that are not so much about my own shortcomings (and believe me
 In the meantime I''m heading off to see a man about some sand. 
 As the organist played, a man shouted "Yes!" 
 Hoffman will topline the pojrect as a " a man in his late 60s just released from four years in prison who''s autodidactic  intelligent
 Rauner looked like a man who''d been whipped. 
 But if a man 
 A man called Jack Clark gives us the mind-bending numbers >> 
 In the recording, a citizen comments, "In 1 Corinthians, it says that a man who has an affair with another man will be put to death." 
 He was never politically ambitious, but remained an MP even after the death of his father in 1745 left him a man of independent means. 
 According to an AP story, a man identified as Gary Michael Moran  54  was being held on suspicion of first-degree murder  burglary and armed robbery
 He is somewhere around twelve years old, no longer a boy but not yet a man . 
 A man 
 And my chief of surgery that I got was a Mayo [Clinic] man – he''d been at the Mayo for six years, and a man named Dr. McCarthy. 
 The bible also says, Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends. 
 This three page gives you a choice of two Roman tombstones to design: one for a lady in a chair and one for a man on a couch. 
 By ordination to the priesthood a man 
 Mr. Collins was a man of small stature  stooping somewhat in the shoulders  but with large eyes and a round  genial face
 Beres Hammond - The Ultimate Collection: Can''t Stop A Man [VP Records, 2003] 
 a man out of time, out of touch, and totally out of his depth. 
 People always watch you from behind as you leave so, if you''re a man , make sure you have shined the back of your shoes. 
 Then he ducked behind a pillar and I overheard him whisper to someone "She says that progress is ......." The someone was a man in his late teens or early twenties  and he and I continued up the spiral  still talking about progress
 for nine months later in a New York hospital she brought forth a son  a little buddha-bellied rumplestiltskin runt of a man who burned to face the sun, the fact of his being there both terrifying & lifting me at once, this son, 
 Castor''s sidekick in stupidity, David Schoen - a pathetic excuse for a man , more a peevish and uninspired wimp - was angered by the professional quality of the video. 
 Harold Myra''s "One Extraordinary Day" tells the story of a man named David. 
 Sabu has not only matured as a man and an actor  developing into a physically agile performer  but Korda''s film  as shot by W. Howard Greene and Jack Okey
 A man of surpassing and intriguing inconsistencies
 A local baseball game was interrupted when " A man leaned out of the truck and yelled, ''They''re gonna lynch a nigger!'' 
 Here is a man of 28  old enough if mature enough
 According to authorities, a man who has yet to be identified sprayed gunfire inside the Borderline Bar and Grill
 As we walked around the site, a man appeared carrying a video camera – he refused to say what he was doing or for whom he worked – and began filming us. 
 How can you respect a man who votes for a suicide vest? 
 Devotion to the Devi frees a man from all troubles and worries. 
 In my dreams I keep seeing a man with a beard with kind of turban for years now. 
 Mr Sugimoto said he saw a man with blood on his face in the vicinity of Maelbeek station in the EU quarter
 Death Sought in NC Homicide Case: A North Carolina man accused of killing an elderly woman and stabbing a man will face the death penalty at trial, set to begin in early September. 
 Shearer met Jeff Astle''s daughter, who described her father, a man of fastidious table manners, eating butter with his hands shortly before he died at the age of 59. 
 Rhona also admits she''s had a few "dark, bizarre" moments of feeling like a man in a woman''s body and that she''s back on antidepressants to help her get through this rough patch. 
 a man free from threat is justified by law. 
 Sep. 9, 2019–If a man breaks into a house  dresses himself in the homeowner''s clothes
 Solutions to the present generation and those created by a man , his grey jacket camouflaged by the amount of info survives. 
 Had he been a man , Thor would have shrugged, "The path of cowards was deserted long ago." 
 I said in an op-ed in USA Today that Mueller is a man 
 both being evident in the ''primary'' sentence from which Freud proposes to derive everything: ''I ( a man ) love him (a man)''. 
 a man named Charles Mathews  a comedian known primarily for his one-man shows
 It was terrifying," a man who witnessed the collapse told CNN affiliate TV Asahi. 
 he is left on his own  and then וַיֵּאָבֵק אִישׁ עִמּוֹ עַד עֲלוֹת הַשָּׁחַר – " A man struggled with him until dawn". 
 Yet deep within the raging energy field was the schematic for a mortal man: A man who went by the name of Galan
 To have a man of such charisma holding that office is a blessing. 
 Through my twitter journey I crossed paths with a gentleman by the name of Chris Oakley, a man who had also recorded his own solo podcast as he got interested in Ligue 1. 
 A man . 
 To me this is sexist, because it makes women do grad school exactly like a man . 
 Almost immediately after the restart the hosts'' number 7 got a second yellow card and the resulting red saw his side a man down. 
 In 2012, a man was killed by ERW, also likely dating from World War II.[ 
 The poster depicts a man 
 When a man is a born nobleman, you see----'' 
 and I refused  saying that I can''t stay with a man in a room like that. 
 Better pony up a man or two. 
 A federal judge said he''ll probably dismiss a lawsuit against Twitter Inc. by the widow of a man 
 The highest pleasure of a man is the company of a beautiful young girl, who can treat the man as her boyfriend. 
 A woman who raises her voice in public will be judged differently than a man who does the same thing. 
 Spiksley''s control of the ball, his individuality, and his pluck for a man of modest stature, without much weight, were amazing. 
 For a man I had to call ''sir''  scattering it with a lavish hand through every conversation we had in public
 It became the habit to speak of him as a man molded after the manner of Lenin or Trotsky. 
 Besides these i have all Buy Diazepam Online Review that they do better for a man already stated that form of bad result. 
 Up until now, Elizabeth had never lived in daily proximity with a man other than her tutors and servants. 
 Marsh was devastated by the news of the death of a man who he had so carefully nurtured. 
 In his attempt to escape, he shot a man square in the face. 
 the moral dilemma that the husband  Tom Stall/Joey Cusak  must confront will test who he is as a man and individual, and explore ideas of responsibility, honesty and trust. 
 Roger Williams, a man godly and zealous  having many precious parts but very unsettled in judgment
 In what path of life can a man be found that will not animate his pursuit from seeing the steam engine of Watt? 
 But there was a man (chap. 3)-and that a Pharisee-who was not satisfied with this inoperative conviction. 
 A man may hold what opinion he will about the doctrine of Biblical infallibility  he may denounce it all he pleases
 In a place like this a man could use at least one friend. 
 unfastening the front of his pants and positioning himself between her thighs  staring down like a man who''d just taken a country and was merely admiring what he now owned 
 as much of a villain he might have been in the eyes of others  Victor Von Doom was a man of his word. 
 It was a man , standing in the middle of a plantation field, dressed in Union General''s clothes. 
 A man she had been hiding from for way too long was where he belonged. 
 Not that Jemma could feel it like a man would, unfortunately. 
 It is of small profit to argue about theological doctrines unless you can get a man to feel that he is a sinful man in God''s sight. 
 But Goering was a man of the baroque and in its appearancea "theater Soldier". 
 Rita Nansamba, 20, of Nyendo in Masaka town, was rescued on Tuesday night by a man passing by a newly-constructed building in Kisalosalo Zone in Kyebando
 and he could feel the air hissing through the gash to his cheek  as if he were some gilled fish and not a man at all. 
 He must not harbour anger toward Estel; he was only a Man and had not the strength to resist enchantment. 
 He was a man of about thirty years, very muscular and fit with a strong demeanor. 
 A man had been spewing flames like a dragon but it had all been some flammable liquid and he lit it with his torch. 
 And one with a man on top of that? 
 And though I knew that it was only reasonable to isolate a man with an unknown sickness I felt a profound sympathy for him. 
 It was a man who had defeated Sauron in the War of the Last Alliance. 
 Her fantasy is that a man takes control and she be his wild woman. 
 He added: "Read was an evil man and a man wholly without remorse. 
 What was important to liberal Democrat from Illinois was that Snowden -- " a man of limited education and limited life experience" -- wronged those whose wrongdoing he swore he''d take to the grave. 
 a man (the fool!!) and her attempts to catch his eye. 
 It''s an obsession to ask a man running for public office to disclose his taxes? 
 a man ] wondering how I can be a woman [which... 
 He was a pudgy man in his early 50''s, the kind of nondescript pudding of a man that would be no one''s ideal fantasy. 
 In October 1975 a man broke into her house  tied up her husband--a wealthy businessman--and kidnapped her
 Your Mama can not fathom how a man 
 The suffering of the other party - a woman with Parkinsons or a man with a severed spinal cord - is obvious and immediate. 
 We even glimpse a scene of a man sitting down with a calculator and a notepad making preparations for just such an attack. 
 To call a man 
 The word 哥 is considered as honorific word to call a man at similar or older age since traditional Chinese society. 
 Nolan were brought forward and made public: one involving a man who claimed abuse from the time he was twelve or thirteen years old  until he was seventeen or eighteen (2006-2011)
 Now, Jesus, who is not only a man but is also  and first  God  was already resurrected  as man
 How does the surgical alteration of the penis''s structure at birthcircumcisionaffect the sexuality of a man when he becomes an adult? 
 These special functions allow a man and woman to experience intercourse in accordance with nature''s sexual plantenderly  gently
 Its generally downplayed, the common assumption being that a man cant be raped, because theyre too strong. 
 He portrayed himself as a man of "God", boasting of his "faith" in Christianity, and duped the majority of "Christians" in this country. 
 The Jewish Cabala tells us that "Only the togetherness of male and female is a state of blessedness" and that "when a man sins he thereby causes a separation between the male and female aspects of the deity  which  in turn
 It was from his hard working father, a man who was more comfortable with a horse drawn plow than its mechanized counterpart
 The longest time a man could live  as laid down in the books
 a man . 
 I choose this physical side of our Lord because it was always that side which brought Him so closely to me as a man myself. 
 Nearby was a man slightly less than 5 ft tall, dressed in a leather jacket and wearing a helmet. 
 A man or a woman may be weak  may seek that which is alien to God
 Dominique Jay also responded to Aimé Michel''s criticism; on that occasion he stated that Mr. Fortin was a man of the countryside with little vocabulary
 Thor must ascend again, leaving his earthly throne behind; Stark, a man of the future  must depart  finally outpaced by his technology; and Rogers  a man of the past  must return there
 Black and white close-up photograph of the back pocket of a man dressed in jeans. 
 Grave one contained the remains of a man who had been about 30 years old when he died. 
 Not bad for a man who was constantly on the move as he raided pilgrims'' caravans on their way to Makkah for Hajj. 
 The "antimasons" said that a man 
 The simplicity, as you''ve no doubt heard, is that there are three levels to a man . 
 What can you say about a man 
 There is a certain breezy scepticism about human affairs, too blithe to be outright cynicism, but with the tone of a man who is well-accustomed to observing a range of foibles. 
 It begins by making a man notice dejectedly how slowly the sun moves  or does not move at all
 "The slave was a man forcibly deprived of a natural and inherent right  the right of self-control  of "life  liberty
 The Big Bang Theory''s Jim Parsons portrays Walter as a man . 
 Isn''t it strange that a man who helped get James behind bars would now hold black masses in his cellar? 
 The 55-year-old Orlando woman''s new beginning ended tragically Tuesday when a man trying to rob her bank shot her in the head. 
 Except when your snaps have the power of a man that''s had his thigh muscles removed. 
 He''s a man incapable of finding a happy ending. 
 This is the story of a man who always spent November to March in jail, because he didn''t like spending the winter months sleeping rough. 
 she gains more confidence in herself as someone who can achieve things  and also as someone who can attract a man who lives life at large. 
 I consider this a positive story, in the sense that the legal system can provide relief for a man 
 How could a man so full of words and lengthy answers be so lost for coherent sentences? 
 Rev. Nathan Crow the pastor in charge, is a man of acknowledged ability and an indefatigable worker. 
 Is it true a man rowed a small boat from europe to America and settled in Utah, the time of Jesus? 
 Meanwhile their candidate dresses like a man every day and tries to act as tough as one too. 
 "A good sentence can tether a man for a thousand years" – spoken by the sympathetic Bedouin character in a Hollywood film. 
 What we saw was a man who radiated disdain towards Obama  who couldn''t even seem to acknowledge him
 That''s when i know a man isn''t truthful---look me in my eye & tell me!!! 
 A man 
 Now West Virginia Dem Jay Rockefeller, Chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a man owned and operated by the telecom industry
 A man in Pennsylvania has been arrested and charged with trying to sabotage competing pizza shop owners with mice
 Instead, a man with a history of multiple physical assaults  coercive control
 More than half of them will have low-risk cancers, which are slow growing and often don''t affect how long a man will live or cause him serious symptoms. 
 a peer''s brother –the father of my sons –that it was expected the signed contract would have bound him "as a man of honour;" or  in other words  that he was [Page 92] not a man of honour; and seeing him shrink silently
 In Massachusetts at that time a man named Revere rode through the night to rouse men to fight for liberty. 
 He thought, besides, what a great thing a man was; he had never seen anything so large in Fairyland  nor so important; so  on the whole  he was glad he had come back
 A century that has had its George Eliot, who took the name of a man that she might reap a man''s reward. 
 This is not just beautiful rhetoric this is a man who has a sense of mission and not just ambition. 
 Large estates where slavery does not exist, almost necessarily involve tenancy; a man owning thousands or even many hundreds of acres must, if they are cultivated, have tenant farmers. 
 I trow had I been a man and fought with General Bacon, as I would have fought, had I been a man , I would have paid no price therefore to the king himself, but would have stayed in hiding forever." 
 The major is a man of gallantry, and Miss Wharton is a gay lady; but I dare say that your connection will be happy, if it be formed. 
 I sprang from my bed, and reached the window just in time to see a female handed into a chaise by a man who hastily followed her, and drove furiously away! 
 It gives one pause to think what might have happened if Louis Agassiz had grasped at this offer of adoption from a man who would have given him everything which his heart most desired  education  travel even to exploration
 Another member of the club, a man of great gentleness and sweetness who would willingly tear his heart out to stop black slavery
 So when a man did a great deed worthy of a knight he was said to have "won his spurs." 
 ''Now, Lord Delacour, besides being a man of honour, is also a man of humanity. 
 a man should be born. 
 Not only was it not good enough for Piercy to have Connie sent back to her ''demise'' by a man   but a man looking at porn  AND not only was that man looking at porn
 I have to say, I have to respect a man for voting his conscience, even if it is not aligned with his party, OR my own ideas. 
 The poor girl, waking up, knew not whether it was a man or a devil  and began to scream as loud as she could  and cry for help to her mother
 Remember we played well in the first half a man down against the world champions. 
 He was a man of patience who could take all the jokes that were thrown in his direction. 
 A man wearing a leopard-print loincloth was dancing nearby on another pole. 
 He can disagree but be a man about it. 
 "Glen Beck poisoned Nancy Pelosi in effigy on his set,soon after a man threatened to firebomb Pelosi''s San Francisco residence. 
 I hope that we, as a Committee, to a man and a woman  will ask the Minister to look at rolling that programme out in all areas
 Her father, then a man of substance  with a rent roll from an estate near Raleigh of £1000 per annum  was extremely angry  and told her that
 To us this seemed unspeakably barbarous, though in Essex and Suffolk a miller was commonly a man of considerable property, and lived as Mr Constable did, in genteel style. 
 He''s a man of low moral fiber. . 
 The disastrous effects of such tittle-tattle are then spelt out when a man who has been falsely accused of child molestation seeks his brutal revenge. 
 There is no way in hell that if Sarah Palin were a man with her thin resume that she would have been chosen as VP. 
 Guest editor Matt Scott is a man in transition. 
 Signs or symptoms of Addiction A man or woman struggling from sleeping pill addiction exhibits some indicators
 Last week I encountered a man and his young son as they watered the boy''s garden, taking great pride in the progress of his zucchini squash. 
 Firefighters airlifted a man who got into trouble while swimming in an area called Spitting Cave in Hawaii Kai, a fire department spokesman said. 
 Strike Force Trawler detectives have charged a man following an investigation into alleged online child exploitation offences. 
 a man 
 a man . but  for some reason we shouldn''t talk about this should we? i think we should or
 Einstien was once supposedly caught saying that " the world will never believe that there is a man like him". 
 A man came up to me in Berlin who had just gotten out of East Germany, having escaped like many East Germans did. 
 During the last hearing, the FIA officials had informed the court that the accused had received Rs71 million from a man identified as Sohail Rabbani, promising him allocation of a sugar export quota. 
 that the nobel peace prize commitee is willing to acknowledge the courage of a man who''s willing to put forth the dedication and resilience towards cleaning up YOUR President''s screw ups
 He was a man who lived by God''s Word. 
 It''s called I Shot a Man in Reno after the Johnny Cash song and is filled with arcane references, insight and not a little humour. 
 However it also helps us build Kubu''s character as a man who doesn''t rush into action, but who thinks first; a man who likes balance, who sets priorities. 
 My fantasy ran much more along the lines of how a man and a woman could work together in such a violently misogynistic society
 He then went to the attic door and saw the shadow of a man walking about the attic. 
 Mr. Stager was a man of quiet disposition, modest and frank. 
 A good werewolf costume can look incredible on a man or a woman. 
 a man , but to be in silence. 
 A man ''s got to do what a man''s got to do. 
 Professor of Anatomy and Physiology at Oxford  explained so cogently in 1876  ''absorbing studies . . . lift a man 
 "A house can have integrity just like a man ," Roark tells a client, "And just as seldom." 
 It is important to realise what a man must have suffered and endured in order to feel glad at the thought of his impending execution. 
 A Man Alone: The Twilight of the Bush Presidency 29.08.07. 
 According to Bacon, the virtue in a man 
 like the being of a tree in its seed  or like the being of a future contingent event  depending on how a man shall decide to act. 
 Pre-Crack, he was a man who on Thursday broiled steaks  baked potatoes
 "Now, niec• mine, you shall well understand," Quod he, "so as you women deemen all, That for to hold in love a man in hand  And him her lief and her dear heart to call  And maken him a hoove above a caul-I mean
 This, after all, is a state that has in two successive elections voted to power Pawan Chamling, a man with a couple of pet peeves. 
 Pictured is a man who looks how one would expect a doctor to look, smoking a cigarette. 
 His wrath, focused on him as a man incarnate, was now in our hands. 
 It''s like if an international panel of experts announced that a man only has to walk down one road to be called a man
 Be Us – A man is interrogated after encountering an otherworldly being. 
 "I am God  I''m in charge"] ... [story of a man 
 EARLY ON THE morning of June 25, 1973, a man broke through the glass front door of Arts International Gallery  in Clayton  Mo.  part of the greater St. Louis area
 when he said unto them  Behold your King ! We may here remark that Jesus was presented to the Jews as a man and as a king– a man as the essential Goodness
 ''Twas sold to a man , INFUSEiastic for purple! 
 The Tree and a Man 
 Jackie married at age twenty-four To a man with charisma galore All his friends called him Jack He was sharp as a tack And was oozing with folksy rapport 
 Witness: There existed a plan to construct a gas chamber, a firm in Erfurt, Germany, has actually sent a man by the name of Koller  this firm specialised in the construction of such units
 Because, it''s like, SOOOO funny when a man is neat and clean and likes to cook, and gets thrown in with a slob. 
 she was shunned by the sorority and by the fraternity most closely associated with it; when she ended up dating a man from that fraternity, he had to pay fines for doing so!) 
 and that he is  as a consequence  less fully masculine  more like a woman  and that is the worst thing a man can be, according to the patriarchy. 
 My understanding of Twisty''s proposal is that all that''s needed to convict a man of rape is for a woman with whom he had some kind of sexual contact with to say at any time before  during
 Most people are either a man or a woman. 
 Oppressed as a transwoman, living a lie as a man . 
 And if he dies or dumps me, I am NEVER having another relationship with a man . 
 a man in the rain) whereby they may analyze and draw psychological conclusions about your character and job competence! 
 It is forbidden for a man to gaze sexually at a woman, whether beautiful or ugly, married or unmarried, says the Talmud. 
 I guess it was refreshing to hear (or read) a man admit it for once. 
 Time to grow up and become a man or be relegated to the trash heap. 
 You are a man , R R Bushy, and, possibly because you are "a professional Photographer," you are also an idiot. 
 In February of that year, my dad and a man called Edward Maxwell Nicholls were born within eight days of each other, country boys in different country towns. 
 ''Business'' is a very wide term and would include anything which occupies the time, attention and labour of a man for the purpose of profit. 
 Woody Hayes said "Every time you give a man something he doesn''t earn you cheapen him" I think most people understand this. 
 My little story would be that if you have some difficulty in your life and tell a man , he immediately casts about for a way to act so as to resolve the problem. 
 With relentless logic, which often lead to disturbing conclusions, he is certainly a man you want to pay attention to. 
 He may not be a man for all seasons, but he is a man for this season. 
 If a man were to contrast the political map of Europe out of its physical map he would find himself groping in the dark. 
 We really didn''t have a man of your stripe in office until Jimmy Carter. 
 wished to insert his supposed creature Herries  whom Palmerston in fact judged to be a man of talent and integrity  at the exchequer  so as to pave the way on ''a hundred questions connected with the privy purse
 and that  ''with a view to the public interest''  it was ''important that a man so capable of serving the public well should not feel himself disgraced
 testifies to the truth of that well-known saying "Early to bed and early to rise  makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise". 
 A man grew up loving one woman  learned to love another later in life  got caught up in a mad love affair with one man
 a man that we cannot treat. 
 She married a man twenty years older than her and endured ten years of marriage, then decided to get a divorce. 
 or heard the cry of a man in hot, searing pain. 
 But he was out of food, a rare oversight by a man who knew to plan ahead for those events and this weather. 
 Woman holding bouquet of roses shakes hands with a man in military attire, draped in the American flag. 
 A woman nurse is taking the blood pressure of a man , both are seated at a table. 
 Above the shield is a man blowing a bugle [possibly a hunter]. 
 A man in profile wearing knickers and saddle shoes stands in the sand at a golf course. 
 "Flashpoint for Treason" by Desmond Reid, S. B. L. 3rd series 379 April 1957, commenced with the gunning down of a man in William Street near Kings Cross  then continued with a party at Kings Cross
 A well-known cricketer wrote of him : " He was a man who made the game worth playing; always cheerful and genial  always trying  always alert and keen
 This song includes the lyrics "And a woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle." 
 you must allow to sit in your company a man who  at the time the nation''s destiny was at stake  struck  in the interest of the Central Empires
 "There is a man named Brij. 
 a man , and injured his father, a county commissioner. 
 on the album  Harvest  with Linda Ronstadt and James Taylor on back vocal  was played on this live as a suite with A Man Needs A Maid, with Young''s piano. 
 Finishing the three hour show with a crazed 10 minute rocking in the free world (neil looked like a man possesed hunched over wailing on his old black guitar) was worth every penny of the ticket price. 
 The mudzimu is opposed to a man ''s leaving his birthplace or nyika as this tends to break the lineage and so the unity and strength of the clan. 
 If I see a man with burning trousers in a mirror
 Hence, neither to avoid sin nor to avoid a most excruciating death would it be lawful for a man to take poison; neither would it be lawful for soldiers to put themselves to death
 A new book by James Mitchell, a man who questioned 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed contains an extraordinary revelation. 
 Now if a man does not repent and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, God will repent. 
 About two hours later, a man called me saying that one card didn''t work  I had to use to cards to purchase my ticket and my boyfriends ticket
 This long-running litigation involves a man who has challenged various aspects of his mental health commitment at institutions on Long Island. 
