 And a person with seizure disorder could  of course  enjoy all of the other benefits of the Transcendental Meditation technique
 everyone''s well-being was at some risk in some way during a smallpox epidemic  regardless of whether a person was the colonist or the colonized  the enslaver or the enslaved  rich or poor  or of African  Native American
 a person might kill 6-20 other people. 
 That''s where a person who can look at a beehive and change the world -- should be. 
 And these two groups were eventually joined by Gallagher, who Sternstein described as " a person who at times tends to interpret differences over policy as personal hostility
 if we were to connect the dots and actually follow through with the policy recommendations such a person made? 
 if x is a person then we want an expression for x''s email address. 
 A widely accepted definition of entrepreneur is " a person who organizes and manages any enterprise, especially a business, usually with considerable initiative and risk." 
 For example, a spoken interaction would be inaccessible to a person who is deaf, or to a hearing person situated in a noisy environment. 
 A person 
 "Some believers see a person who has contracted HIV as someone who has strayed from their marriage and has had an affair
 A good therapist will always clarify whether there are any particularly vulnerable places, or places where a person simply prefers not to be touched. 
 He is a person 
 But if a person smells of COVID-19, the handler could send that person to a coronavirus testing center instead," Barrett says. 
 However, a person 
 It''s hard not to be cynical in the face of legal madness involving payment for injury that may never happen to a person in the future. 
 It is not sufficient for a person to point to more than one incident of which he or she complains. 
 The purpose of this success criterion is to help a person know which element among multiple elements has the keyboard focus. 
 See www.carersireland.com Over 60,000 people in Ireland care for a person 
 when used as part of the overall strategy to reduce solar radiation  are an important part of empowering a person to look after their own skin health. 
 In general, the Address demonstrated that a person , his interests and well-being remains at the head of the entire system of priorities of the President of Uzbekistan. 
 We do not think that a ball of developing cells is a person , and believe that a woman who chooses abortion is making a reasonable, honourable, moral decision. 
 which punishes a person who "administers to  or causes to be taken by any person any poison or any stupefying  intoxicating
 Combined data can identify a person even if individual data do not. 
 A person who commits an offence under compulsion by threats of immediate death or bodily harm from a person 
 The limitation comes not from your being a person but from your being a created person. 
 Includes X-rays ($35 a person per calendar year). 
 During the pandemic, I was able to slow down and think, reflect and improve some of my qualities as a person . 
 Body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), or body dysmorphia, is a mental health condition where a person spends a lot of time worrying about flaws in their appearance. 
 one about which we would rather not think and certainly not be reminded of by the appearance of a person in a wheelchair. 
 Indicators that a person is being trafficked at the start of their journey are complex to identify  because at the time they start their travel
 A person is not entitled to a Rent Supplement if he or she: 
 This is because social welfare entitlements are affected by how much a person earns and the PRSI a person pays. 
 However, this type of treatment may sometimes be recommended in cases where a person has a history of thyroid cancer and there''s a significant risk of it reoccurring. 
 The Department of Chemistry includes a wide range of specializations and, in order to be appointed, a person must have sufficient knowledge in the discipline of the course to interpret the course material
 "His monumental achievements as a player were surpassed only by his dignity and integrity as a person . 
 A consultant/matchmaker is a person or a company with a large number of relevant contacts in a specific market segment or industry. 
 A person may institute proceedings within a period of 3 months beginning on the date the Decision is made. 
 a single payment may be made to help meet essential  once-off  exceptional expenditure  which a person could not reasonably be expected to meet out of their weekly income. 
 A person over 16 years who has the care of one or more of the claimant''s children
 It does not contain which brand or brands of vaccine a person received, or the specific dates of their shots. 
 At 8:13 a.m. Saturday, the Hoover 911 center received a call of a person down at a residence on Scout Trace. 
 narcissistic personality disorder – where a person often swings between seeing themselves as special and fearing they''re worthless 
 "By continuing to learn, you become more emotionally resilient as a person ," says Professor Cooper. 
 The teachers and the people here actually care about you as a person ." 
 For the purposes of this subsection (a), a person 
 To deny a person their right to freedom of religion or belief is to deny them an inherent element of their dignity. 
 West 1st discovered this interest back in 2013  and as we have a tendency to all understand  he is a person 
 The word chief is often misused when addressing tribal leaders a chief is a person who has earned his or her distinguished honor by displaying strong leadership skills within his or her specific tribe. 
 If we think about whether a person feels threatened when we talk about consequences
 Such a person was considered to have no worth, no importance, no value to the group. 
 (1) The toilet stall is too small to accommodate a person who uses a wheelchair. 
 a person using a wheelchair to make a parallel transfer onto the bed; and a toilet and lavatory that complies with the Standards
 a person can approach within 3 inches of the sign without encountering an obstruction or standing within a door swing. 
 among others  Hawaii  Melanesia  Micronesia and Polynesia); or Native American ( a person who is a member of a federally or state recognized Indian tribe  or whose parents or grandparents have such membership
 A learning disability can cause a person to have trouble learning and using certain skills. 
 Historically, many covered entities have expected a person who uses sign language to bring a family member or friend to interpret for him or her. 
 While visitors can use the PRII website without divulging personal information, when a person contacts us via an email or online form, the PRII collects and stores that information. 
 It made me think of the powerful image of having not only killed a person , but killed all of her descendants, all of the possibility that would have come from her line. 
 Zhang added that the CCP is like a withering tree or a person dying from cancer. 
 A person claiming to be a relative of the dentist said that Bittner "passed away thursday from complications from the flu
 He remembers waking up in the hospital wondering what life would be like as a person living with a disability. 
 one can discover which common personality traits a person most embodies. ...read more 
 If a person meets the medical criteria, he or she is, by definition, eligible to receive hospice services. 
 "I wonder how many pieces I ought to tear a person into," said the Lion, in a thoughtful voice. 
 For the typing of a bottle (i.e. what a bottle contained) embossing is invaluable as it often tells a person exactly what the bottle held, like the soda bottle above, and where it originated (The Dalles, Oregon). 
 a member of a visible minority group or a person with a disability. 
 Laundrie is officially a person of interest in the case, and he may be the only person who''s able to give answers on what happened to Petito. 
 She needs to have both some time for herself, to refresh herself as a person , and for her husband and family. 
 A travel wholesaler is defined as a person 
 provide notice ahead of time on what admission  if any  would be charged for a support person of a person with a disability. 
 Digital vaccine credentials certify that a person has been vaccinated or tested for COVID-19. 
 It allowed the Uchiha to enter the mind of a person and manipulate their memories. 
 (Lenard, 16 March 2018 20:16) Lenardo, this coming from a person /people that were proclaimed to be the most hateful race (Croatia) in the world. 
 @ sj You again show your ignorance about prices because you quote this friend of yours saying that a person 
 a person   that is under the jurisdiction of Interpol " the justice minister said
 The idea really hit me while watching a person eat a hamburger with one hand while texting on their cell phone with the other. 
 facilities  privileges  advantages  accommodations  or other opportunities  because of the known disability of a person with whom the individuals are known to have a relationship or association, in violation of 42 U.S.C. § 12182(b)(1)(E). 
 That it is the right thing to do because we are a compassionate people and because – in the end – a person who gets back on their feet is not a burden on society. 
 "Western was pivotal in my development both as a student and as a professional due in part to mentors who valued me as a person , inclusive of my sexuality and gender," Holmes said. 
 Use the following guidelines to ensure your diversity plan encompasses the total package a person brings to the table and to make your diversity initiative both effective and productive. 
 Gender dysphoria is a medical term that refers to the psychological distress a person may feel when their gender is misaligned with their sex assigned at birth. 
 Timothy had been given great responsibility for a person his age and St Paul has high expectations for him. 
 Weir says electric bikes, which give a person ''s pedaling a power boost, are especially popular among commuters. 
 An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a valid OMB control number. 
 A person can use a friendship either to lend their ally strength or fuel their own strength. 
 Is there a time limit a person needs to be on the phone for? 
 The Aaron Berg Award recognizes a person 
 A person who''s nothing like me.'' 
 Growing up as a person who stuttered, Shapiro often felt isolated from the rest of the world. 
 Not greedy for dishonest gain (v. 8): If a person is a lover of money  he is not qualified to be a deacon
 Accredited Asbestos Contractor: The term "accredited asbestos contractor" means a person accredited pursuant to the provisions of §206 of this title. 
 Statutory Rape is nonforcible sexual intercourse with a person who is under the statutory age of consent. 
 Exceptions may be made if the dog was teased, abused, assaulted or if the dog was reacting to a person 
 a person is restrained in the prone position. 
 (1) LIABILITY OF PERSON OR GLEANER – A person or gleaner shall not be subject to civil or criminal liability arising from the nature  age  packaging
 a person in need. 
 I enjoy drawing backgrounds as much as I enjoy drawing a person . 
 Equality: barriers should not prevent a person from accessing those things that will give the person equality of opportunity and outcome. 
 For this reason a person doesn''t reduce the true light oakley glassinfluence of the landscape. 
 a person with parental responsibility for the younger person. 
 But a person 
 but when you consider that half of all sales that are made  are after a person says "no" once, you should be happy we don''t listen to the no''s. 
 Suberithemal and repeated doses of UVR, similar to the received by a person exposed to moderate sun exposure
 A person should avoid any food with excitotoxins in it. 
 Just as a person can become part of the disability community in an instant, a person can also "come out" at any point in their lifetime. 
 I''m also more inclined to trust an AI more than a person ... maybe even > > more than I''d trust myself, since I''m not designed for recursive > > self-improvement. 
 Good to know: It is important to avoid flying or diving until after a person has been given the all-clear from their doctor, as the change in pressure can worsen a pneumothorax. 
 if followed by a firm to determine whether a person is barred or suspended
 This site contains many links that deal with the following topics: a database of what drugs look like, what drugs do to a person , FAQ on drugs, and a section for parents (useful for teachers too). 
 as the current deception goes) are maintaining that if a person fornicates he is not a true Christian. 
 Having the power (and the so-called "right") to kill requires a person of ethics, morality, civilisation, and discipline to find a better way. --Ram Samudrala 
 and working with district attorneys and judges to determine whether a person really needs to be jailed right now. 
 a person to registration under the Sex Offender Registration Act. 
 What are some of those doctrines a person might be excommunicated for opposing? 
 SO, INITIALLY TO BRING A PERSON UNDER CONTROL, YOU HIT WITH A GOOD WHACK, INCLUDING ORAL STEROID IF NECESSARY. 
 It serves no purpose to provide a sign-language interpreter to a person 
 The Zuni phrase for a person with power is "one who knows how." 
 according to a person familiar with the matter: whether Trump Organization executives violated campaign finance laws. 
 Negligent treatment or maltreatment of a child; threatened harm to a child; buying or selling a person 
 It was a Person of greater size than our solar system. 
 First of all, jurors do not decide whether the evidence is enough to convict a person , but decide, yes, subjectively decide, if the person is guilty of the crimes accused. 
 It never has been true under any covenant that a person 
 Jamb Bun Miner- A door and a person who digs up buns from underground. 
 When God asks for our body He is asking for most of what we are as a person . 
 After a person dies physically he is judged. 
 A violent act or acts committed by a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature with the victim. 
 He also gave me the sad news about the sudden passing of a common friend from our student days, a person I had regrettably lost touch with. 
 Abed, their father, understands the importance of education, "For a person who did not have a chance to finish his education  I did everything I could to keep my children from this fate
 How does your new album with your Crash Trio reflect you as an artist and a person ? 
 Or is it a person who is arrogant, having his own unjust desires, as opposed to a person living by faith in God? 
 "If a person is eligible to start the program
 but embraces positive change; a person who understands our mission and honors it; someone who will inspire students  grow enrollment
 Examples include attempting to coerce an unwilling person into a sexual relationship; repeatedly subjecting a person to egregious
 It is usually higher in a person with HIV. 
 AND I KNOW WE SAW THAT IN SOME OF CBC''S REPORTING WHERE A PERSON HAS BEEN REPLACED ON THE WATER FILE. 
 You will work with faculty members who care about you as a person and student  who will challenge you to excel
 In certain instances, a person alleging discrimination may also file a private lawsuit in state court. 
 James says WHEN I SEE AN OBJECT I IMMEDIATELY ASSOCIATE IT WITH A PERSON OR A MEMORY THAT GOES WITH A HISTORY. 
 A person says, WELL THANK YOU VERY MUCH, MR. 
 Before long, a person realizes that something vitally important is missing. 
 French officials last year announced the theft of the piece, a black image appearing to depict a person mourning that was painted on one of the Bataclan''s emergency exit doors. 
 When this cognitive ability breaks down, a person may misread cues in the environment and perceive ordinary situations as threatening. 
 This is especially important in the global south where " a person 
 saying the chips alone are not sufficient to prove that a person using a card is the legitimate cardholder. 
 A person 
400 to $5 000 may provide some employers the extra incentive they need to hire a person with a disability. 
 For example, a person might have experienced a placebo or coincidental effect
 One thing for sure: when a person has a predisposed (already existing) condition of bipolarity ( natural
 According to a Calvinist it would be a mistake for a person to say, "Well, if God chooses me, I''ll be saved, and if he doesn''t, I won''t, so I can sit back and do nothing." 
 Some examples of exciting scenarios to introduce to your puppy are a person carrying an umbrella, vacuum cleaner, walking over a grate; the opportunities are endless! 
 multiple limb person who was also chameleon like--our own little Octupoidal friend  and a person 
 This is when a person gives their whole life fully to Christ, dying to themselves that the life of Christ may live through them. 
 which involves finding a person aesthetically beautiful without wanting to act sexually or romantically on the feeling. 
 For sexual exposure to a person with acute hepatitis B
 It is a violation of this policy to retaliate against a person for complaining of discrimination or harassment  or for assisting  participating
 A person who lies or presents false documents or evidence may be charged with perjury. 
 If the government determines that a person is "likely at any time to become a public charge" in the future, it can deny a person admission to the U.S. or lawful permanent residence (or "green card" status). 
 Because meth can make a person feel anxious or nervous causing them to clench or grind thier jaw and or teeth. 
 "I try to listen in a different way than I do as a person ." 
 (a)(3) Deliver or retrieve a person or object by parachute, helicopter, or other airborne means. 
 A person skilled in the art
 It is also clear for a person 
 Insofar, from document (D10) in combination with either document (D11) or (D12), a person 
 Therefore, a person skilled in the art clearly gets enough information from the application about how to produce anti-Her2 antibodies
 According to him, a person 
 A person commits the offense of hazing if the person engages in hazing  solicits  encourages
 said data to be found by a person of interest (e. g. a given pilot flying a given aircraft from A to B at a given time). 
 The sheriff''s office said deputies located a person dead near a burned tractor Wednesday afternoon. 
" which refers to any number of disabilities or circumstances that may prevent a person from finding and keeping a job. 
 The goal of this database is to provide interested parties with a person to contact about specific issues
 are trusts that can be established by or for a person of any age  regardless of whether the person is a person with a disability. 
 The more partners a person has in his or her lifetime, the higher the probability of contracting a STI. 
 A person can be a citizen of a state without involvement in public matters
 you realize beyond the spin  beyond the media hype  behind the news bites and soundbites we see everyday  like  this is a person . 
 For example, de-worming a person costs 50 cents and reduces malnutrition, anemia, and absenteeism hugely. 
 a person 
 The new law enables a "trust director" ( a person with the power to direct) to give instructions to the trustee. 
 Coercion Coercion occurs when a person is persuaded to do something by force or use of threats or intimidation 
 Our Sages teach us that a person should always say, "When will my actions reach the level of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob?" 
 Wrote Tashima, "Sexual orientation and sexual identity are immutable; they are so fundamental to one''s identity that a person should not be required to abandon them. 
 or on account of  a person who is involved in a homosexual relationship with an employee. 
 _Canada_ B The _Kitchener-Waterloo Record_ reported on April 19 that James Wakeford, a person with AIDS who seeks medical help to terminate his life  struck out with Canada=s Supreme Court
 but i don''t like subscribing to one method of analysis. what works for a person is what makes *sense*. 
 A person with nothing to lose defiantly shouldn''t have a gun roaming the streets. 
 Former Chair Rhona Blake emphasised the value of having a person from an independent agency who can bring the perspective of the smaller and mid-size consultancy to the PRCA. 
 the court may also  despite an agreement between the parties  require a person to appear in person at a hearing, a conference or an examination. 
 The time limit for reporting back to work for a person 
 a person whose first slot is . 
 the trend among states to abolish the penalty  profiles of people who have been executed and changes that a person can undergo during incarceration. 
 I know how much better of a person my coaches made me. 
 Sometimes a person 
 The U.S. Supreme Court has held that police can search phones with a valid warrant and compel a person in custody to provide physical evidence such as fingerprints without a judge''s permission. 
 So have I. But using meth does not automatically mean that a person is bad  violent  sexually perverse  irresponsible
 compounding the vulnerable position she was already in as a person uncomfortable advocating for herself." 
 For example, if the system were to compensate a person through the front door  but were able to move the burden of a loss onto the person through the back door
 Afro-Latinx (or Black Latino/x) is a person from or has ancestors from a Latin American country with African ancestry. 
 When a person has to endure symptoms of mental illness because current treatments don''t work for them
 As (there is) a lot of smoke above fire so the discourses of a person (betray his) deliberation (Sir 27,5; Syr) 33. 
 The disability should be a permanent condition, or certainly one that is likely to affect a person for at least a year. 
 whether individually in the case of a person or collectively for a nation32. 
 A fetus is either alive or it is not, either human or it is not, either a person or it is not. 
 What this means is that witnesses who came forward and accused a person of a capital crime were the ones who had to throw the first stone. 
 How would you like to live with a person like that? 
 A person may be distinctive because he is nine feet tall and sports purple hair–and therefore odd. 
 On the other hand, a person might be exceptionally handsome or have an engaging accent. 
 That might immediately make a person think of the "once saved, always saved" doctrine of Protestantism, or perhaps even of predestination. 
 Vain thoughts corrupt a person , and the mind–the heart–has to be cleaned. 
 If a person is holy they are to be reverenced, that means respected highly. 
 Though a person may be an artful liar on the witness stand, the truth can always be found in his lifestyle. 
 Scripture shows that a person must repent  be baptized
 There is a point where God considers a person to be converted. 
 a Person that is not an affiliate thereof
 A Christian is a person who holds to the same course as Jesus, and behaves according to the patterns of Christ''s life. 
 The state defined the "breakthrough" cases as instances where a person had received their final dose of vaccine and then contracted COVID-19 at least 14 days later. 
 So whether a person wants to witness a fun and laugh out loud production
 a person 
 shall be guilty of assaulting  intimidating or threatening a person on an aircraft, and liable to imprisonment for a period not exceeding five years. 150 
 (4) It shall be an aggravating circumstance if any weapon or violence was used by a person charged with escaping from lawful custody. 
 a person might be convicted if he or she were charged with a crime specified in paragraphs (a) to (e). 
 (5) Nothing in this section requires or authorizes a person to do anything that conflicts with a requirement of this Part. 
 His life reflected his belief that a person is "never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream." 
 Blackmail is the act of threatening to reveal substantially true information about a person to the public, a family member, or associates unless a demand is met. 
 A net idol is a Japanese term for a person who achieves celebrity status through the internet. 
 a person must obtain to become eligible for certification examinations in each method. 
 Elohim (God) alone can see into the human heart, and therefore Elohim (God) alone can judge a person fit for the Kingdom. 
 This subsection should be consulted when doubt exists as to whether or not a person can qualify as a national of the United States. 
 Esteemed Dmitry Anatolievich, we write to you knowing you as a person deeply and sincerely interested in innovation, which is an integral part of your life. 
 - describes a person who keeps others from using something that he himself cannot use. 
 Teeth are an important indicator of the health and habits of a person . 
 "How can a person have any say-so in something they don''t pay into?" 
 With access to high speed broadband and the right technology, a person who cannot see can edit a written proposal, a person who cannot hear can call a co-worker on the telephone
 A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude." 
 a person " (Dossey 1989:265). 
 This quote relates to the above text by saying that, by force of arms a person may defend himself from an attacker. 
 Such a person was Daniel, along with his three companions, and such must we be too...and all those called into this work. 
 A person known as the State Government Liaison (SGL) typically heads this program. 
 The stillness of the big bush sort of bothered a person . 
 Things might get pretty simple sometimes but sometimes that''s just what a person needs. 
 It also is described a person who "avoids extremism" or "extremes." 
 a person inhaling 27 micrograms of plutonium (invisible to the eye) will almost certainly develop lung cancer. 
 One claimed AstraZeneca''s shot would turn a person into a chimpanzee. 
 But that''s still lower than " a person like yourself," at 63 percent. 
 and how much  how often  and through which parts of the body a person may be exposed to it. 
 Self-efficacy affects the way a person decides to live his or her life. 
 where it is on the body  and the person''s skin type all affect the treatment of the tattoo; however  a person usually has to go through 8 sessions to completely remove the tattoo with 4 to 6 weeks in between each session. 
 So a person was invited to give a talk at the conference. 
 I spoke with an officer at the BID, asking about the exit procedure for a person who has a Canadian passport (without a Phil visa) as well as a Phil passport (without a Canadian visa). 
 but it often happens that when he tries to help a victim by arresting a person who made trouble  he and his co-workers are attacked by bystanders
 A person may find himself or herself on the verge of surrendering in different situations and relevance to various activities. 
 Bill 64 maintains the requirements under the present Act that state that a person carrying on an enterprise must take measures to protect the PII and ensure that it is up to date and accurate. 
 I think the reason we are seeing more people like this is that historically a person that had those types of issues would just be labeled "nutcase" and locked in an institution or asylum. 
 It also spreads when a person touches a surface or object that has the virus on it, then touches their eyes, nose, or mouth; nothing to do with 5G. 
 have recently been in close contact with a person with symptoms, or 
 physical  mental  or emotional condition lasting 6 months or longer that makes it difficult for a person to perform activities of daily living. 
 To avoid incorrect assumptions about a person ?s gender, offer every victim the chance to self-identify their gender. 
 When a person uses their tongue and lips on another person''s vulva it can make their partner feel good. 
 The effect resembles what happens when a slide is projected without a screen, and then when a person or object is placed in the line of projection, the image becomes visible. 
 Journal last updated: Sunday, February 7th 2021 at 11:24 AM When it sees a person , it digs a hole with its tail to make its escape. 
 printed in a font size large enough to be read by a person with normal vision from a distance of at least ten feet
 [Adam Smith] says, imagine a person , a member of the species being brought up entirely isolated.... 
 whether a person is looking to create body waves or go bone straight, heated irons can dry the hair when it is not properly conditioned. 
 There had been a person on the flight who wasn''t feeling well throughout the trip. 
 Take a person for what he is in real life. 
 To believe others and reject to self is a big cause of failure and leaves a person good for nothing. 
 Much of the mainstream literature on employment and disability does not consider the question of a person disclosing their hidden disability to an employer. 
 that is painted white  to permit a person on the shelter floor below to read, even for several minutes after sunset. 
 it is possible to say that archival documents (or records) are the products of activities developed by a person or entity in the execution of a function. 
 Typically a person will buy a replacement pull chain switch and wire it in, and then discover it does not work correctly. 
 But, in Kansas City recently, he told me that his book is designed for more than simply aiding a person 
 A family whose head, spouse, or sole member is a person with disabilities. 
 Research an Investment or a Person or Firm Selling It 
 a person on the verge of dying. 
 It makes a person wonder what Diamonds feel is more important: spending time with their children or continually pursuing the money? 
 A person who is drinking at age 14 has about a 50/50 chance of becoming an alcoholic
 Project 1: Observational Film Each student produces a visual portrait of a person , place, or activity. 
 we felt that this was one of the best evidences for that theory because it came from within Mormonism from a person who really could have known what was going on. 
 Indeed, this is similar to the manner a person would be treated if excluded from the Jewish community
 From the testimony given by the Mormon leaders, a person 
 a person . 
 Our servers automatically record information about how a person uses the website  including IP addresses  browser types  operating systems  search terms
 at that time the most important minister of the czarist government.13 Witte was a person of great culture and amplitude of views  confidant of the czar
 I thought that was the last I would hear about the matter, but then while I was giving a class this afternoon a person came to find me and tell me that Maggie wanted to speak to me. 
 a person she is not married to  it is nonetheless
 When a person 
 As far as I know, there are no restrictions on the number of cars a person may own ... but there are limits on where one can park cars in terms of time. 
 News media frequently mentions a figure a person 
 Blood pressure should be taken at every visit to assess whether blood pressure drops significantly when a person moves from sitting or lying to standing (a measure of an impaired autonomic nervous system). 
 If a person decides to appeal any decision made with respect to any matter considered at a meeting
 I''m not sure about the couple of January shows, but as a person who was at all three of the shows earlier this month I can confirm that it disappointingly did not show up at any of those. 
 A person needs to BELIEVETH ON ME (Jesus), AS THE SCRIPTURE HATH SAID-John 7:38. 
 Or is it the Jesus of the Jehovah''s Witnesses, or of the Mormons, or of the New Age, or of Islam, or some other Jesus that a person conceived in his thoughts? 
 QPR provides direction as to how to Question a person about suicidal thoughts, Persuade them to get help and to Refer the person for help. 
 A person with low vision has some useful sight. 
 and Richard Taylor proceeded to enumerate the skills and personal attributes that such a person needs to have - I mean, apart from being young and Kiwi - I might have jumped up and waved and shouted "This is me! 
 So now let''s explore in more detail how a person participates in creating the reality they will experience. 
 Therefore, if you know of a person who might be interested, or a place where that announcement should be sent, don''t wait – act. 
 The Shach, however, maintains that a person can claim meshateh ani even if he initiated the admission" (C.M. 81:5; Shach 81:12). 
 A person who incorporates this exercise into his or her lifestyle does not have to set a goal of running a 5K or half marathon. 
 This curse especially can mean a struggle for a person to feel they have a place or ''fit in'' anywhere
 If a person does something wrong, the act often comes back to him and causes unhappiness. 
 Once emancipated, a person 
 It''s amazing just how much stuff a person collects. 
 In most cases, a person will need to continue to take blood pressure medications for life. 
 Thus, in the absence of any other halakhically significant factor, a person 
 The other perceptual shift I had to make was related to the "endless roll" of virtual paper on which a person could write without end. 
 for example  the book''s going to be given away there  and I hope it can get into the hands of young people to see how a person in a movement can really make a difference. 
 "Eric has been lobbying the FCC members and staff since last summer''s ACB convention to get a person representing the visually impaired community, appointed to this Consumer Advisory Committee. 
 Q: Can a giver deduct gifts directly made to a person ? 
 Now, the ECVO has not only lost a Honorary Member, but a person who dedicated his professional life to the advancement of European veterinary ophthalmology. 
 Its very disappointing for a person 
 Heaven forbid that we should label such a person a moiser. 
 living away from his home country and had a number of relatives in the U.S. – all factors that often indicate a person is unlikely to return home after their visa expires. 
 There''s planning to do, and doctors to see–you''re growing a person inside of you for crying out loud! 
 then he was a person of great influence within the family of Sargon and Sennacherib. 
 As a person with a disability, it really scares me about what is happening out there. 
 A person who realizes the true principles of this science  who preserves his dharma (virtuous living)
 Over the 2015-2019 time period, 26% of households where the householder is a person of color earned less than $35,000 per year compared to 21% for white householders. 
 FACT: Once a person turns 18, the decision to say "yes" is considered a legal, advanced directive. 
 Call the company and simply ask for the name of a person tied to the job opening. 
 Hazard: The force of the current can hold a person immobile against the strainer with tremendous force and may be impossible to escape from. 
 However, their shrewd intelligence and observation may enable them to deduce many things about a person . 
 "If a person has no job, it''s hard to earn money." 
 a person of interest in that case. 
 When the platelets are destroyed, a person is more susceptible to easy bruising and bleeding. 
 The Chasam Sofer says that studying Seder Nezikin can save a person from coming to harm, both physical and financial. 
 Even in a quiet setting, a person with normal-hearing who is wearing hearing protectors should be able to understand a regular conversation. 
 To me, this means that we must cease thinking that another whether it be a person   religion  group
 A person who is immunocompromised has an immune system that is impaired
 Beyond simply being a matter of taste, color may affect how a person perceives his or her work. 
 Adrienne has self-identified as a person with a disability. 
 A domestic, or "benign" subversive is a person whose disloyalty, alienation, and illegal activity are directed against our national institutions. 
 In the law, the presumptions are generally based on policy, such as that we REALLY want to make sure that a person is guilty before we take away his/her liberty. 
 T Girl in a Queer World - Melissa Clark - If a person can express their true inner self to others, others will see it, understand it, and accept it 
 With the current state laws dealing with HIV, a person can only be convicted of charges if they are aware of their status. 
 a person 
 PAT ROWAN: There''s no Fourth Amendment implications for what a person is doing out in public space - whether they''re walking down the street and being observed
 a person is. 
 There is little room in these practices for a person to bury themselves in paper shuffling and basic research. 
 The prisoner who was saved from execution has been identified as A.N., 30 years old, charged with fatally stabbing a person . 
 When was the last time anyone ever heard of a person warding off an attacker with an AK-47 or a semi-automatic weapon capable of killing 30 people in 30 seconds? 
 A person 
 "It has to have a person – or more likely a group of people
 Dengue antibodies don''t always protect a person . 
 With regard to any other knowledge, if a person is bright and studies he will master it. 
 We have to actually figure out what makes that Ebola virus decide one day it''s going to jump from a gorilla into a person . 
 It cannot exempt a person from the laws of the Torah, which forbid stealing. 
 definitions of "materials" and "supply of services" in subsection 1(1) of the Act were amended in 1983 to provide that a person 
 I asked her one last question: Maybe I couldn''t think my way out of cancer  but wasn''t it still important to be as good a person as I could be? 
 "There''s plenty of studies that can show, if you''re low income and a person of color, you''re going to have higher chances of having polluted water. 
 debaters ask judges to place themselves as a person or character in a particular time and place and to take on that role in the scenario the government team describes. 
 It was really interesting and I learned a lot about family-oriented people and what a person will go through to protect their loved ones. 
 I don''t want to have a stadium where you''re supposed to have a person and then seven empty seats, and then another person. 
 "As a person of faith, I believe in the power of nonviolent protest for social change. 
 He says the jury is still out as to whether the shot will keep a person from spreading the virus. 
 If you or a person you know is a victim of sexual violence, help is available. 
 You must be grounded in general, as a person . 
 If a person can arrange to pay the full amount to the sheriff in cash or property
 Researchers conducted a series of experiments in which a person would speak four different words and then say the cat''s name. 
 It takes at least two years for a person to learn about the industry," Bhandari added. 
 The most obvious difference is that in Mexico, a person is guilty until proven innocent. 
 Sixth reality: The prospective customer must perceive value in your sales offering, trust you as a person and as a company  perceive that they win as a result of purchase
 A person 
 The definition of "child" under section 2 of the 2001 Act be amended to refer to a person under sixteen years
 A person police said was barricaded in a home Tuesday in Taunton, Massachusetts, was found dead. 
 The social tax shall be paid in a Member State (State), where a person is working
 If a person 
 Sentries would only allow a person or group to pass if they knew the password. 
 without really thinking about the fact that a person with a life is attached to that arm. 
 WASHINGTON – A person 
 a person . 
 "Rabbi Elazar HaKapper says: jealousy, lust and arrogance remove a person from the world," Ethics of our Fathers, 4:28. 
 If a minor were to commit damages to a person or property, the plaintiff would be able to sue the defendant parent up to $200,000. 
 I was very attracted to a situation where there is a person , and only one musical instrument. 
 It is here that the adoption of a religion becomes important, since it encourages contentment and urges a person to look beyond the demands of his flesh and ego. 
 When a person posts a new article, it often leads to a sequence of followup articles from various people. 
 other than compensatory or nominal damages  awarded against a person to punish him for his outrageous conduct and to deter him and others like him from similar conduct in the future." 
 An "authorized" employee is a person who locks out or tags out machines or equipment in order to perform servicing or maintenance work. 
 The Criminal Law (Codification and Reform) Act prohibits procuring a person for unlawful sexual conduct  inside or outside of Zimbabwe
 Two members of the transgender community were killed in Abidjan, one in February and the other in May; in one case a person was arrested, then released, and for the other, no one had been arrested by year''s end. 
 Still, as a person who loves to feel included in my extended family''s and friends'' lives
 Rep. Zlotnik''s legislation defines an "essential employee" as " a person employed by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; its political subdivisions
 1.5) What information does a person need to include about durable medical equipment (DME) in a disaster go-bag? 
 If you are unsure which underlying conditions put a person at higher risk for severe Covid-19 illness  you can look at the CDC''s guidance
 To get a free ticket home, a person between the ages of 12 and 21 must call the NRS helpline (1-800-RUNAWAY). 
 a person in a suicidal crisis. 
 The action in question: A person knowingly went to work while sick and later tested positive for the virus, Douglas County officials said last week. 
 Loss of such a ring could cause a person to re-experience the death of the loved one
 From a report: A relatively new term, a ransomware affiliate refers to a person or group who rents access to Ransomware-as-a-Service (RaaS) platforms
 In order to evade taxes a person or corporation is required to file false financial reports involving all concerned in lies and falsehoods. 
 Seatbelt: A device, usually worn around the waist, consisting of a strap or straps anchored to a vehicle so as to hold a person in his seat. 
 a person seeking federal whistleblower protection," according to The Wall Street Journal. 
 And, if you say they are Reasons for a divorce, then you are teaching a person should get a divorce in certain cases. 
 a person an officer of an organization. 
 The Rabbis tell us that when a person gets married  all of his sins are forgiven  so the day is treated like Yom Kippur by fasting
 Naloxone will not reverse a stimulant overdose but it can still help if a person has taken a mix of drugs. 
 If people encounter such a person in a partner, sibling, parent or friend, it can make them allergic to those words. 
 a person may not intentionally provide  from "funds" to "funds and other benefits"  which is interpreted to include goods
 A person who introduced himself as a domain investor from India
 This isn''t about what a person could have, but what a person can give." 
 when he is proud of himself  when he is embarrassed about something  and when a person has a happy face. 
 Even, he compares a person who does not have a soul to the fact that the owner is being in an abandoned yard. 
 It also asserts that military service does not require a person 
 Reject a divisive man after the first and second admonition, knowing that such a person is warped and sinning, being self-condemned" (Titus 3:9-11). 
 They further claim a person can be saved without ever even hearing the Gospel one time
 To practice (in Washington State), a person must complete a 4-5 year, 4200 hour, postgraduate, program at an accredited chiropractic college. 
 "It can be more calming and peaceful for a person to do deep work because they are able to concentrate their focus on one thing at a time without feeling interrupted
 For instance, a whistleblower might have reason to want to later claim an anonymously released signature, or a person 
 I wanted to write this article because we all know a person in our lives at risk for prostate cancer–and I happen to know more than one who has fought this disease. 
 And you are right; if a person is not happy single, they will not find happiness being married. 
 for the first time in my experience there was not a person 
 Now then, when there is a calling, a person has to answer the call. 
 While a person may hop on one foot, it is difficult to envision a bird flying with only one wing. 
 b) In accordance with this Statute, and the provisions of Iraqi criminal law, a person 
 a person 
 On the first view, a person is essentially a body, on the second, essentially a mind. 
 That is, a behavior is prohibited if it kills a person who is standing in front of you, and allowed if it kills a person a distance away or in the future. 
 A Canadian study published in 2015 found that the effectiveness of the flu vaccine decreased when a person received the shot two years in a row. 
 Semi-slavery is the obligation to work for a person until paying off the accumulated debt, which in many cases is inherited by the children. 
 I know this is a person I can talk with about the course. 
 only the Holy Spirit can unregenerate a person . 
 and "The biggest miracle is to help a person recognize the hidden miracles in their own life." 
 Clues that a person is developing HUS include decreased frequency of urination  feeling very tired
 (i) IN GENERAL- If a person presents evidence under any of clauses (v) through (ix) of subparagraph (B)
 "Therefore we sanitize and obscure the act of killing a person , who is no longer a threat to anyone, with protocols and procedures that are aimed at comforting the public. 
 a person 
 a person who by reason of youth  mental disease or defect  intoxication  a drug-induced state
 This craft allowed a person to maneuver a small boat while standing up. 
 In accordance with the Patent Act, if there is clear evidence that a person has committed  or is about to commit  an act in violation of a patent owner''s rights
 A person   including but not limited to a family member  a guardian
 A person is also not allowed to remain in a situation that is threatening to themselves. 
 If a person has an adversary to come against him, two are better than one. 
 Employers looking to hire a person with disabilities can contact the ARC by calling 315-927-0171, or visiting: www.thearcolc.org. 
 Joel Werner: That was Donna Kilgore describing her life as a person living with post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD, a disorder that affects around 200,000 Australians each year. 
 Where the act leads to a person''s significant loss, threatens security, causes physical injury or the death of a person   or threatens public health or safety  the penalty upon conviction is a fine of not more than KES 20 million
 On the other hand, a person who is not mindful of Allah does whatever they feel like, or whatever they think they can get away with. 
 It also includes web-conferencing or other collaborative tools (e.g., blogs, podcasts, Minecraft) in which a person practices learning a language skill (reading  writing  grammar
 Why can''t I assign a person to be a judge and a steward? 
 § 2843 and § 4234-A require specified group contracts to provide  at a minimum  benefits for a person receiving medical treatment for specified mental illnesses, including pervasive developmental disorders. 
 But as it is, a person who enjoys a place of prestige is strongly inclined to preserve his position by attracting followers
 Talking about a disorder can often feel stigmatising and prevent a person from engaging. 
 Thus, although a person can pass up to $2 million estate tax free today (scheduled to increase to $3.5 million in 2009)
 for examples one of their radio stations that has a person that is responsible for answering the questions of the listeners is called "Sheikh Abdallah"
 This is Seagal''s first visit to see Lukashenko, a person he has "long dreamed of meeting," Belarusan presidential spokeswoman told the Washington Post. 
 "We visited many places, saw the benefits (of military life) and how drastically it could change a person ." 
 An Automated External Defibrillator ( AED) analyses the heart rhythm of a person in cardiac arrest and may apply a shock to enable the patient''s heart to restart, or advise continuing with CPR. 
 According to official sources, terrorists of the National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) killed a person at Kachucherra village in Dhalai district, on November 29 night. 
 A hero is a person who is admired for courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities. 
 Drew Brees has been diagnosed with multiple rib fractures and a collapsed right lung, a person with knowledge of the situation said Monday. 
 Manipur Police personnel allegedly opened fire at the residence of a person   Mathurabashimayum Rameshore Sharma
 (d) A person 
 who has been active with other disability organizations in advocating for Warren Hill''s rights as a person with intellectual disabilities. 
 a person giving opinion testimony about the causal relationship between the injury  harm
 Upon written designation by the voter, a person other than the voter may return an absentee ballot. 
 the book explains and describes depression  the forms it can take  and how it looks and feels for a person on the autism spectrum. 
 For a person in an upper management position with the TelNic Registry  Justin came forth as being very defensive of his product
 It having been determined by the House that a person is worthy of membership  the Chairman of the House  the prospective new member
 First-Time Home Buyers'' Tax Credit: If you are a first-time homebuyer, a person with a disability  or an individual buying a home on behalf of a related person with a disability
 It''s very easy for a person without a formal yeshivah background to understand. 
 He was a person who claimed to be the Jewish Messiah and the Son of God, fulfilled certain prophesies, did other miracles, and so on. 
 "Joe is a person that gives you a feeling of what this game''s really about," said Hall of Fame manager Sparky Anderson. 
 40% (six) were first-time testers (i.e., a person who has not previously been tested for an STBBI) 
 ''Sometimes it just takes a person time to get adjusted to his surroundings.'' 
 To correctly identify the rights of a person to anonymous access to material
 Looking is like a person who walks to a destination. 
 know that most of them probably don''t really know you as a person . 
 A person may contribute to a political party 2
 Questions were answered to help a person towards self-realization, not as a way of showing His towering wisdom. 
 A person 
 The law requires mandatory detention of a person so certified. 
 In essence, critical thinking is a disciplined manner of thought that a person uses to assess the validity of something: of a statement  news story  argument  research  etc. {quoting Robert Ennis
 Normally we might answer '' a person ''. 
 Self-esteem is the value judgement or degree of worth a person attributes to his or her self-image. 
 When the brain of a person reconstructs a meme in memory differently it has a reason which might even be evolutionary caused. 
 Essential Requirements of a person in this career field: The graduate must be able to multi-task
 To say memetics doesn''t focus on the actions a person takes to spread information? 
 Of course, nothing can fully sum up the experiences that a person can gain in actually attending Greeley
 this part applies to debt collectors  as defined in § 1006.2(i)  other than a person excluded from coverage by section 1029(a) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010
 A person 
 Thus when a person recognized "special adaptations" in nature analogous to "the results of human intelligence
 " A person is liable for constructive invasion of privacy when the defendant attempts to capture
 As he kept working, though, he realized that it didn''t matter–if the narrative flows, no one will realize if a person isn''t stepping on the same leg between cuts. 
 The term "hate speech" is generally agreed to mean abusive language specifically attacking a person or persons because of their race, color, religion, ethnic group, gender, or sexual orientation. 
 A person can do the test alone or have someone else (such as a friend, partner or family member) present when they take the test. 
 Advances or profits from prostitution of a person less than nineteen years old. 
 When I finished reading this, I stumbled around for nearly a week asking myself, what does it mean to be a person ? 
 Whenever a person petitions the Oglala Sioux Tribal Court for an order adopting a minor child
 AND IS ACCOMPANIED BY A PERSON WHO IS AT LEAST EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE AND IS THE HOLDER OF A BOATING SAFETY CERTIFICATE. 
 Age 10-13 Q. Do you think it can be healthy for a person to feel regret for things he''s done wrong in the past? 
 (n) "Lessee" means a person who acquires the right to possession and use of goods under a lease. 
 the researchers note  which does not take into account how frequently a person drinks or how much he or she drinks on "drinking days." 
 The point I am trying to make is that a person 
 An enrollment appointment is not an actual meeting with a person , but the date and time you can go on SIS and register. 
 To be religious and attain a place in heaven, a person must believe that Jesus is the son of God and died for their sins. 
 The company doesn''t read your marketing materials or go looking for a web writer to hire ... a person does. 
 going through several telephone number records to find the identity of a person or company that is calling you. 
 A patriot is a person who wants his country to succeed and is proud of his country''s success. 
 Along the way whenever we saw a person they asked me who it was and then kicked me again. 
 a person to offer her, without him realizing this obviously. 
 1) This is a person who cares about us deeply and who manifests the quality of confidentiality. 
 The strategy that many overseas businesses will take is to send a person over to the UK (an ''agent''), to do the research and check out the market. 
 a person can give you apart from the rules but if the single understands the perfect would mean that to make it happen
 Lack of dopamine means a person may have difficulty feeling happy or good about themselves. 
 Earlier this month, the Contra Costa County Anti-Violence Support Effort Team launched an investigation into a person who was allegedly illegally selling a pistol on the street. 
 a person to be a great leader or manager. 
 "Trying to stand six feet away from a person on a train or a bus is almost impossible," Schlickman says, referring to social distancing recommendations. 
 noting  "There''s another kind of safety  particularly if you''re a person of color. 
 It''s not uncommon for a person 
 "I sincerely care about each student, not just class academics, but as a person with goals, hopes and dreams," Deckard said. 
 He''s seen me grow as a person and as a student and I know that I am not alone in feeling that he played a big part in my growth." 
 Not a person with memory or history, but a shadow, a grew man incapable of seeing the sky, the mass. 
 Now respect of persons involves a certain inequality, in so far as something is allotted to a person out of that proportion to him in which the equality of justice consists. 
 the Commissioner may nonetheless review (and challenge) the acquisition if it results in a person acquiring a significant interest in a business. 
 Privity simply means the relationship in which a person stands in a transaction in which he is a party, or some other party with whom he/she is connected. 
 Counsel submitted that it was held in the above case that where a person 
 S.10 of the Oaths Act provides that no person shall be convicted or judgment given upon the uncorroborated evidence of a person who shall have given his or her evidence without oath or affirmation. 
 a person has been validly elected as a Member of Parliament. 
 it was submitted that the appellant being out of the country per se does not disentitle a person from being Administrator of an estate. 
 In providing, in section 14 of the Act, that a person aggrieved by a decision made by the Minister under the Act may appeal to the High Court
 A person 
 begins to falter and feels that they are losing ground, having a person in place who is or has been on the same journey is extremely helpful to mitigate against "falling off the wagon." 
 a person , a family or a traditional institution; and (h) which is owned in perpetuity. 
 The position of the law in our view is that a person 
 In the premises, the respondent is entitled to file an affidavit in reply through a person having knowledge of the relevant facts and materials it wants to rely upon to oppose the application. 
 all designed for members of a community or the public  in appropriate cases  to come forward to protect the rights of a person or persons belonging to a determinate class who  by reason of being numerous  poverty stricken  helplessness
 "I can think of no one who represents our organization better as a person or as a player. 
 parliamentary and local government council elections under article 61  provide for eligibility of a person to be elected as President or District chairperson under Articles 102(b) and 183(2)(b)
 Agreement Officer means a person with the authority to enter into  administer  terminate and/or closeout assistance agreements subject to this part
 a person he never even knew. 
 At approximately 1:10 a.m. Monday, Norwood Police responded to the 400 block of Washington Street for a report of a person that had been struck by a car. 
 the MARAD shall enter into individual MSP Operating Agreements for Eligible Vessels owned and operated by a person who is: 
 Of these five pillars, the first (confession) is fundamental, for it makes a person a Muslim: to become a Muslim one must say (preferably in Arabic), "La ilaha illa Allah, Muhammadur rasoolu Allah." 
 criminal investigation or health care  in social work the focus of work is not on an illness  what laws a person has broken, or their lack of funds. 
 He uses sunglasses with sensors, puff technology for speed and some voice command, There is a person in the passenger seat who can take control in a split second but she''s never had to. 
 or a highly compensated employee (earning 10 percent or more of the yearly wages of an employer) of a person described in subparagraph (C), (D), (E), or (G); or 
" which means it is both entitled to tribal sovereign immunity  which bars all claims against it  and is not " a person " subject to liability under the FCA retaliation provision. 
 "It takes a lot for a person to lay down their body and protect someone they''ve never met. 
 Also that a person could be infected with HIV  and thus infectious
 by children''s hearings  Sheriffs and Reporters  not to provide information to a person who would otherwise be entitled to that information. 
 the school''s director of aviation industry relations and a person who''s had his finger on the pulse of the aviation industry throughout his near-40-year career at UND Aerospace. 
 Trump and Mnuchin did not say how much the proposal would cost, but a person familiar said earlier on Tuesday that the White House is asking Congress for $850 billion in aid. 
 It is not known if a person who has had past infection with babesiosis can get it again. 
 Every training facility has a culture, an atmosphere, and a feeling when a person walks in. 
 the court held that any facility that treats a person 
 Dr. Ala Stanford administers a COVID-19 swab test on a person in the parking lot of Pinn Memorial Baptist Church in Philadelphia, Wednesday, April 22, 2020. 
 Political patronage is the hiring of a person to a government post based on partisan loyalty. 
 a person with knowledge of the deal told The Associated Press on Wednesday. 
 It''s more powerful in the sense that a person may make more drastic changes in their lifestyle  or in their community
 a person who is subject to the 2003 Act and the provisions which it inserts into the 1995 Act. 
 ); P 505 (intercepted conversation on 12 July at 07.48 hours during which one participant refers to a person from the MUP and states "One of his companies is up there next to our man with the bulldozers
 (1) A person 
 It''s very hard to teach a person to play go. 
 • a person who has been found to be developmentally disabled 
 When a person introduces his wife, the word "my spouse" or "my lady" is usually used, not "wife". 
 People will tell you that if you are a person of integrity  the snakes will not harm you  and that if you take a clod of earth from Sofi Hamid to your own place
 In 2019 a person attempted to obtain an absentee ballot as someone else. 
 "If paid police leave a person even he is arrested red-handed with explosives in his vehicle." 
 (h) If a person 
 The certification must be signed by a licensed electrical engineer, a state-certified electrical inspector, or a person certified by the International Association of Electrical Inspectors  the International Code Council
 the ACA attempts to force a person to enter commerce by forcing the purchase of a product (health insurance) from a private source. 
 But now that I''m just a person again I have to kind of be like and not everything I have to read has to be Shakespeare in order for it to be valuable. 
 17] This includes people who identify as Black, indigenous, or a person 
 Cash Proceeds Danone is working with JPMorgan Chase & Co. on a potential sale of its medical nutrition unit, a person familiar with the matter said in February, asking not to be identified because the talks are private. 
 Is there any effect of HIV on the dental health of a person suffering from the virus? 
 It will be assumed that a person of 70 years old who suffers the same type of injury will not have to cope with that disability for the same length of time. 
 To keep a person playing
 Railroads. a person who operates or is in charge of a locomotive. 
 If a person who can hear the Hum gets into the box and no longer detects the noise, that could suggest VLF radio waves are the culprit. 
 Weight makes a difference, of course; a 250-pound person burns more calories walking a mile than a person weighing 150. 
 You see, a person 
 fred n. 1) a person who spends a lot of money on his bike and clothing, but still can''t ride. 
 (2) "Caretaker" means a person   as such term is defined in subsection (5) of this section  who is responsible for the care of an at-risk adult
 I have no desire to become entangled in a philosophical debate about when and how a person actually knows something. 
 More important, if a person uses the entire light curve to estimate k, then k and duration are independent of one another. 
 a person makes to himself or herself. 
 I was at a loss how to express myself upon a general subject before a person , who thus, as he had frequently done before, applied my observations to his own conduct. 
 If you delete a person who was a witness, set the witness link to say * * this person was deleted * * 
 a lawyer shall not communicate about the subject of the representation with a person the lawyer knows to be represented by another lawyer in the matter
 1976 Statute 54-1804 look at section(j) A person who administers treatment or provides advice regarding the human body and its functions that: 
 If it is forced on a person before that time, it makes him quite mad. 
 Dajjaal will kill a person once and then bring him back to life, then he will ask him, "Do you believe that I am God?" 
 Moratorium The temporary suspension of legal action against a person . 
 This is a person of faith who isn''t bothered by anything, but "just marches ahead" (LW 52:143). 
 The other is where a person dies and his or her executor(s) and trustee(s) administer that person''s estate. 
 Self-determination is the process by which a person controls his or her own life. 
 It''s possible for a person to be HIV positive for many years without feeling sick. 
 a person 
 Jim Leefe''s later abstract work is filled with emotion and the sublimity of a person reaching the end of his life  in pain and fear  also in a changing world
 we solve that by having a large simple projection TV screen that prints the words in Arabic on a screen in big print that a person can read. 
 a person could have a known cause for diminished resistance for immune suppression. 
 a person to say yes to sending, otherwise it will sit there and do nothing. 
 The list will grow, and there is more material here than a person could read in ten years. 
 Secondly, I am a person who can''t handle stupidity well. 
 Regarding having a system that requires a person to prove that they are disabled according to SSA standards, it''s logical that it would be this way. 
 RFC, or residual functional capacity, is an assessment of what a person can still do despite their condition. 
 When boundaries are invaded, a person has entered territory belonging to the other person. 
 But, even bigger than that, I am stunned that we can have a person of power exhibiting such poor behavior. 
 He further said the importance and benefits of donating blood voluntarily and added that a person can start donating blood after attaining 18 years. 
 A statement issued by MEELAL contended that as its sounds absurd for a person to be appointed the Advocate General and later taught Law
 SSA uses this cutoff because decisions on whether or not a person is disabled are made based on: 
 If a person has a terminal condition, their disability claim is expedited through the TERI process. 
 You might even want to count your blessings for a person that sacrifices their own family time for the sake of yours at a modest salary. 
 "Being an influencer is more than being '' a person that gets free stuff''," said Rodger. 
 Now Ms Sheehan, a widow, is a person of unsound mind who is cared for at home on a full-time basis by her six children, counsel said. 
 Regardless of the type of Down syndrome a person may have  all people with Down syndrome have an extra
 harboring  transportation  provision  or obtaining of a person for labor or services  through the use of force  fraud
 ASSERTIONS are the positive statements of what a person believes to be true or false. 
 If you look at the ethnographic record, it''s very clear that the physical remains of a person are almost always accorded some kind of significant respect. 
 a person may use fireworks. 
 A horse, which is an animal used to carry a person to a desired locality, has been used from ancient times as a symbol of mind. 
 Abortion has many emotional and physiological effects on a person . 
 User: What happens to atmospheric pressure as a person rises in altitude? 
 the tendency of which is to lessen the facility you might otherwise have of deriving happiness from the services of a person thus specially connected with you  may be styled an offence against your condition in life
 If you are a person 
 Assamese, Bengali and other Indian communities suffix their surnames after their names e.g. if a person is named Jayanta and his surname is Saikia, then his name shall be written like this i.e. Jayanta Saikia. 
 "The imposition of a statute-of-limitation period is intended to lessen the possibility that a person is convicted because a person can''t adequately defend against charges that occurred in the past
 Existing law defines the crime of aggravated arson, and makes a person guilty of that crime if the fire caused property damage and other losses in excess of $5,650,000. 
 Poaching or trading or any other form of their exploitation attracts a person term of 3-7 years in jail also a fine of up to 10,000. 
 It is also implied that if a person with a biography asks for an article about them to be removed, it will be. 
 "If you spend three hours with a person you will get more  in terms of your own perceptions and observations
 a person accused of sexually assaulting a child. 
 I realize that it can be offensive to hear a person convicted of taking a life lamenting their situation. 
 By definition, such a person must have musical gifts: a strong sense of pitch  timing and rhythm  a strong memory for sounds and composition
 It allows whichever format will provide access to the work "as feasibly and comfortably as a person without visual impairment or other print disability". 
 A person who cares about Hashem and His people is a kadosh
 For the purposes of this article, we define a social intrapreneur as a person who thinks and behaves like an entrepreneur but rather than starting a... 
 If we seek to establish that addiction is just as real, just as concrete when a person is the object as when a drug is the object
 I see a round-headed figure of a person with a curved stick in his right hand... 
 a person they believe has aided or abetted a patient seeking an abortion after six weeks. 
 irvine, ca usa - Friday, October 19, 2001 at 00:30:28 (CDT) Namaskar , A person who is interested in knowledge and do not have much   for him this site is cave of Alibaba . Every topic covered in here 
 a person collaborated. 
 A person who gives advice, or counsel, to people who are coping with long-term illness. 
 From futility, when a person thinks he has no way out  when a person thinks only about getting enough to eat  when he is placed on the edge of survival
 On Becoming a Person : A Therapist''s View of Psychotherapy. 
 The defect of the argument is that the first step in it is a false one: letters patent can also cause a person to be deemed to he a natural-born subject as from their date. 
 You see anime (and I would hope other media) with different, older eyes now because you have grown as a person . 
 Valentin F. Turchin - Valentin F. Turchin is a person   Russian philosopher-scientist which introduced a unified cybernetic meta-theory of universal evolution
 Prostitution was not illegal in the Federation, but trafficking was; forcing, blackmailing or otherwise compelling a person to have sex with a third party was considered rape
 In fact, it has been calculated that every 29.5 seconds, somewhere in the world, a person checks out a Scientology book from a library. 
 Anyone who received blood given by a person who later turned out to have hepatitis C is supposed to be notified. 
 The explanation for a person 
 Certainly such a person will still have complex combinatorial structure in their brain
 thus you can say that a person born on August 12 has many attributes that are typical for the Prince of Wands
 Alcohol myopia has been shown to increase the likelihood that a person will engage in risky behavior. 
 Allport states that the personality of a person is the single most unique thing about a person .[ 
 Skills development in which a person 
 The officer then saw a person running to the south, away from the area of Hwy 6. 
 A person is baptized into Christ when he turns to Him for his sins to be forgiven (which is repentance) and puts his faith in Him. 
 A. A person commits defrauding secured creditors if the person knowingly destroys  removes  conceals  encumbers  converts
 Is the "anti-Christ" a person now living somewhere in the world? 
 I''m proud of how much I''ve grown as a person . 
 Yet not one of the successful cases of remission Vaillant highlights in his book involves a person 
 Sometimes we are approached by a person who has what he believes is a potential wealth-creating new idea for a bullet design or application
 detains  mutilates  or gravely wounds a person 
 We already have part of the answer, and it lies in the individual with addiction, a person whose character style often involves a defensive posture commonly referred to as denial. 
 For example, the statement "two plus two equals four" is true whether or not a person goes out into his garden and verifies this by counting two pairs of tomatoes. 
 A person with a criminal record will lose most employment opportunities which hurts them, their families and society. 
 The accounts and papers of the Society must be kept for 20 years after its dissolution by a person assigned by the liquidator(s). 
 I will quote from their appeal to the Knesset speaker: "A government headed by a person 
 Now, any time you rely upon tutorial pieces of paper tips provided Our company, a person is guaranteed to grab the top notch features you and your family ought. 
 If these implications cannot be rejected based on the empirical work, it can be concluded that a person will act as if maximizing the expected utility. 
 With better visual skills, your child won''t have as much trouble doing school work and other activities that require a person to see things far away. 
 Unless a person studies for themselves they will not have a full grasp of truth. 
 Hippie: A person who opposes and rejects many of the conventional standards and customs of society
 A person 
 being India''s most successful matrimonial website they understand what qualities in a person can lead to success and pick only such profiles. 
 It will make it easier for a person to recall who you are later on, since they have a photo instead of trying to correlate a name. 
 I ceased to be a person and became a number - 3096 - for the first time in my life. 
 A person 
 A person must humbly submit themselves to the Holy Spirit and with earnest prayer and study diligently seek for the still
 Various sponsorships are available including opportunities for those who would like to sponsor a person with intellectual and developmental disabilities to be able to attend. 
 VOTE Current Tags: absurdist fantasy (1), death as a person (1) Add Tags 
 A person with big tits. 
 A person can be deetained for six hours, or a further six if authorised by a Chief Superintenndent. 
 This creates a tier of markets and prices, based on how worn a person has become in the sex or labor trade, he said. 
 If you are not familiar with charades, it is a game in which a person acts out a certain word or set of words that their team will have to guess. 
 Description: An Act Concerning Court Authority To Temporarily Order That A Person Transfer His Or Her Firearms Upon The Issuance Of A Restraining Order, Civil . ... 
 except Titus  and that''s a person , not a place. 
 Specifically, the rule forbids a person 
 As a person 
 By reasoning that data is only "personal information" if a person is the actual subject matter of that information
 David E. Manifold is a person , a contributor and a member of this project. 
 When a person decides to walk across a room  it is generally understood that the decision to do so  a mental event
 The fact that a person 
 The fact that a person 
 PET scans of the brain show different activity levels in a person with depression, compared to a person without depression. 
 The main purpose of a person to buy these cheap Nike shocks is due to the estimated money can get these shoes. 
 It did not change the position that a person operating without a licence could potentially be subjected to an injunction. 
 "I see the impact of a nurse in the community as a person who can save lives  provide services to people  help women who are pregnant to stay well until they deliver a baby
 Personage (n.) Form, appearance, or belongings of a person ; the external appearance, stature, figure, air, and the like, of a person. 
 Valetudinarian (n.) A person of a weak or sickly constitution; one who is seeking to recover health. 
 to exasperate a person or his feelings. 
 (b) A person , especially a woman, who has the care of the sick or infirm. 
 In a person with myasthenia gravis  that normal decrease combined with fewer working receptors causes increasing weakness
 Lease of house A person 
 A person with a disability is a person FIRST. i.e. a PERSON who uses a wheelchair, a PERSON who is blind. 
 But, there are pockets of social groups that are truly "genuine" and consist of members who value what''s inside a person , not what he is wearing/driving. 
 What motive can a person have to kill strangers for no apparent reason. 
 Is there a way to have the data grid update automatically as a person fill out a filter? 
 8] The P-1B nonimmigrant classification is not appropriate for a person performing as a solo entertainer. 
 a person with extraordinary ability.[ 
 For example, proving that a child does not belong to the mother''s husband would automatically make him or her a Mamzer, a person born from a forbidden relationship who has a lesser standing in the Jewish community 
 Trilingual: A person speaking three languages fluently (13% of world population) Multilingual: A person who speaks more than two languages
 For instance, in case you are wanting to lure a satisfying partnership, a person actually desire to get looking through guidance about how exactly becoming a pickup truck specialist. 
 sent to that person''s service department for recordkeeping to save on paperI need to know how a person can fill out the form with their departments email in there and have the form and the results... 
 a person committed to selling the policies of the regime, irrespective of you know well. 
 Iran  Sudan  Libya  Somalia  Yemen and Iraq  as well as any who hold dual citizenship (for example  a person who moved from Somalia to England when they were 6). 
 In both cases, my categories of comparison is that, a person who loves his country and his people, a person who works really hard to unite
 When you click on a subject, you find a video of a person talking about his or her ideas. 
 You can see how the clutter or the lack of organization weighs on a person ." 
 a person who might be chasing facts and not tailing PFDJ. 
 A person of consequence at last. 
 Job Description Summary This position requires a person to set up and operate CNC and manual machinery to manufacture medical... 
 A person should seek medical attention any time he or she has concerns about their hearing
 I am not anti-education or anti-college, but the first requirements are that a person 
 If we are mailing a person , we try to understand more details about that person so that we can connect with him/her better. 
 mentions  he couldn''t see how anyone on Benefits could be doing an IVA as it needs a regular income but seemingly even a person who is working is not guaranteed to always be in a job of work anything can happen
 Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens on Friday signed into law a measure that makes it a crime to try to blackmail a person using a private sexual image – the same allegation that led to his downfall." 
 In the vast majority of cases, they are critiquing your work (or in this case, your workflow), as opposed to you as a person . 
 and may be classed as mild  moderate or severe – taking into careful consideration the period of time a person lost consciousness at the time of injury and where relevant, how long post-traumatic amnesia lasted. 
 when all these six principles of control are clubbed  it generates an assertive and enduring change in the habits of a person . 
 Similarly, if a person was to pray to other than Allaah or prostrate to other than Him  free is he of all imperfections
 "Edging" is a sexual practice that allows a person to delay orgasm. 
 This bigot Eyob Berhe should not be given a space to discuss even as a person let alone his diatribes on this website. 
 Dickey allegedly supplied the heroin and fentanyl that resulted in the death of a person on December 31, 2016. 
 The warrantor is a person entitled to enforce the instrument (i.e., there are no unauthorized or missing indorsements); 
 Either way, whether a person 
 Understands that practice helps people to improve, and that how well a person learns sometimes depends on how she or he does it as well as how often and how hard she or he tries to learn 
 The suspect arrived on the scene in a dark color minivan operated by a person of interest in the investigation. 
 Under the proposal, a person with a covered conviction or program entry that occurred when the individual was 21 years of age or younger
 CISGENDER: An adjective describing a person 
 Section 84–1(f) of the 2016 measures defines "home education program" to mean a program in which a child is taught by a person holding at least a high school diploma or equivalent. 
 Rolling Stone based much of its November article on the account of a person identified only as "Jackie
 Quick as that, so be certain before you can definitely begin the process searching for a person publish my essay  take into account carrying it out your self
 Depending on the amount of toxin a person has consumed  symptoms may progress to tingling of fingers and toes and then loss of control of arms and legs
 New York City Police Department (NYPD) officers remove a person 
 Mr. Kirshner says a site like Facebook can also provide a lot of information -- good or bad -- about a person . 
 TOMI DARE: "Drugs and alcohol not only slow a person down, it doesn''t make you feel like you are a winner. 
 Whether a person 
 On the one hand, as a person who values peace over war, I feel as Watada does that this war was unnecessary and immoral, and I admire his stand. 
 a person who is deafblind. 
 For purposes of ensuring consistent implementation of the President''s memorandum, a "domestic partner" is a person in a domestic partnership with an employee or annuitant of the same sex.[ 
 In any case, what truly matters to a person who is or has or happens to know they have a genetic predisposition to such a condition
 As in Eng., to provide with shoes, put shoes on ( a person , a horse, etc.). 
 (Horne) 77, Cai.7 1942, rare; Uls. 1960); fig. a person or thing having a short, thick, stout appearance. 
 A person with deformed feet (Sh. 1866 Edm. 
 a person who has been a close observer of its development. 
 A person 
 You know a bit about a person if you know that they lived in an authoritarian culture. 
 Personal data is all the information that can be used to identify a person . 
 The book''s entry for AIO207: The Case of the Candid Camera lists Whit as a person in the episode. 
 If a comÁmission of lunacy be in force against a person in Ireland  or in any of the colonies  and that person afterwards come to England
 Religion is not a theory, nor a doctrine; it is the coming of a person to a person , by a person. 
 a Person Who Has Abused a Child 
 Even now and then his writing reveal a person who is terribly indignant over the state of the world and little pieces  "pearls of wisdom" to his fans
 The fact that foreign law may subject a person 
 shall be deemed to have been persecuted on account of political opinion  and a person 
 But since it was volunteered publicly by a person who influences thought and opinion
 In order to be a skilled reader of tactual signs a person must do more than just learn how the signs feel. 
 There are some commercial online therapy courses that a person can follow for help. 
 A person was dressed in all black wearing a thong outside her clothes and the other in the Afghani-burkha. 
 a person into somebody. 
 discovery can be granted against a person who is not a mere witness to discover, the fact of some wrongdoing being established, who was responsible for it. 
 knowingly directing or counselling a person to commit a wrongdoing, as described above 
 In other words, if a person or a book can foretell the future, then that person or book has established his/her/its divine credentials. 
 "(b) A person also commits the crime of murder when in the commission of a felony he causes the death of another human being
 Moreover, demons might enter a person after he/she has become a Christian. 
 The judge relied on the oft-quoted presumption that a person intends the natural and probable consequences of his acts. 
 B  C or D of the Housing Register  issue to the applicant a declaration of registration  signed by a person authorised in that behalf by the Authority and in such form as the Authority may determine  stating its decision that
 The Mobile Street Art Cart will be designed to function on the sidewalk and have the capability to be pushed by a person or pulled by a bike. 
 A person does have to watch out for when it shakes its head to ward off a bug, those horns don''t care where they go. 
 Accommodation Party It means a person who has signed a negotiable instrument as a marker
 This program can be one tool, among many, to help a person move from victim to survivor. 
 or (2) birth or residence within a possession of the United States. *** Thus  a person who became a United States citizen solely by reason of his being a citizen of Puerto Rico
 Whether a person had NOT opened the previous email 
 Maybe it is because during a bout of illness a person is robbed of their true self. 
 They have to think about that, and then be curious to the ideas but not to a person . 
 Another custom was the slaying of a person in order to add éclat to some social or ceremonial function; this was a fairly common procedure. 
 Tahitian–pahi, a boat, ship, or Paumotan canoe; (b.) a spray of the sea; to splash water so as to wet a person . 
 The answer is, "Our mind will not find such a person - but our intuition will." 
 In New Zealand, a person born on February 29 is deemed to have their birthday on February 28 in non-leap years. 
 Attendees for the opening soiree in (at $80 a person ) were able to tour the Roll Royce Foundation''s gallery
 Not everyone does so, because in some the devil steals that which he hears from the heart of a person   for another  the cares of daily life and worldly matters throttle the Word of God in his heart
 ''The poet,'' he said, ''is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.'' 
 In such a ladder, the biomechanics of a person who moves up or down it is taken into account as much as possible. 
 plan  design  and reinvent how a person interacts with something visual. 
 and discussions  and learn to criticise constructively  which builds you as a person and gives you the confidence you need for your future. 
 I remember a person going out for another CMS  then starting his own  changing the name and I think he is still around with XOOPS
 Basically, two different sets of complications face a person with hypertension: short-term and long-term. 
 The previous education, training, experience, individual abilities, skills or qualifications that a person requires if he or she wants to undertake a particular program of study. 
 A person who exhibits a gender role at odds with the norm for their gender and class  in a society
 Thus, a Pair and its Persons are double-linked; a Person knows it is paired because its pair ivar isn''t nil
 Azizbek Tokonov, who married Raimbek''s niece, was mentioned in the businessmen''s letter as a person "very close to Raim[bek] Matraimov" who "implemented corrupt schemes at customs." 
 It is not difficult to imagine a series of acts of provocation without physical violence by a person in authority to an inferior that would ultimately sap the latter''s judgment and cause him to lose control. 
 Mumbai Police have arrested a person in Delhi and charged him for the phishing fraud in Bank of Maharashtra
 and Working Power of the Elements  that in conjunction are with the Common Spirit and Mind of a Person . 
 Those were the signs of a person who was ready to rule the whole region, and may be the whole of Africa. 
 What makes one think that vijayashankar is a name of a person ? why can''t it be the name of a place? 
 A person in Category 2 is just as difficult to teach. 
 "If you tell a person directly, "You are fat," guess what their reaction will be? 
 A person 
 In addition to the monthly income limits, there are also limits set by Medi-Cal on the amount of resources that a person can own and still receive the services. 
 If this is too hard or too confusing, you can usually stay on the phone or push a number given to get help from a person who will take the information from you. 
 As they wait to come face-to-face with a source of grace, a person thinks about his life, thinks about the eternal, repents and prays. 
 Employees often work for a person or company who provides the materials and equipment to perform work  and who is responsible for the costs of repairs
 Note: When filling out the sign up form, have in mind a person or a few people that will help you lead the certification through your office. 
 2) Research – in certain circumstances a person lacking capacity can be involved in research. 
 by pushing him into a corner where he has nothing to lose and no way of improving his situation do you not in fact create a person who is much more likely to act out in a dangerous manner? 
 A person who is markedly or significantly restricted can apply for the Disability Tax Credit. 
 Authorities declined to speculate on whether the tissue could have been connected to a person who may have been inside a recreational vehicle that exploded. 
 If an EpiPen is used, a person must visit the emergency room as soon as possible following use for a thorough check-up by medical professionals. 
 ArcTimes That''s like saying that a person should eat babies should be deterined by the interest of that person. 
 even a person of such a high caliber  who was [Kazakh President Nursultan] Nazarbaev''s first press secretary and a person who was strongly loyal to the president and that was never in the opposition." 
 For instance, consider a situation where a person has an estimated 12% risk of having a heart attack over the next 10 years
 There may also be obvious signs, such as a person having no access to their money. 
 With a unique case or complicated circumstances, it is important to speak with a person who understands the nuances of applying for the Disability Tax Credit and receiving large sums of money. 
 If a person is born to do something, Tel Aviv was built for Eurovision." 
 The Court may also grant an exclusion to the order which would allow a person to meet reasonable legal expenses from the frozen funds. 
 asking for their recommendation of a minister who was dynamic  both as a person and as a pastor. 
 What I meant was I feel if a person properly installs a head then they shouldn''t need fire-rings for stock or mild engines. 
 There are illnesses of a spiritual nature, when a person , in spite of his efforts to live authentically, feels distant from God. 
 Florida law allows the use of deadly force anywhere a person feels a reasonable fear of death or serious injury. 
 This statute does not apply to a person who receives compensation  other than out-of-pocket expenses  for preventing
 The answer essentially came down to comparing it to a person taking off their pants  which not only gave everyone a good laugh
 When you provide a person with all the raw material and let them decide on their own, the best life decisions are made. 
 because in the end sleepless nights and petty maneuvers in the Knesset don''t help a person who wants to establish a business, or a family that is trying to earn a living." 
 "who was unperturbed by the insider-trading taint and didn''t believe Hwang had done anything wrong  according to a person familiar with that decision." 
 that is very well respected by many non-Muslims  as a person who had great influence in history. 
 It enables the Central or state government to order the detention of a person "with a view to preventing to preventing him from acting in any manner prejudicial to the defence of India
 Probably the most important thing to how long a person lived Dead though was an irrational drive to survive. 
 the legislative body may  in another instance  assume authority to cause the arrest and detention of a person under its warrant  and the arraignment of such person at such time thereafter – thirty days  sixty days  ninety days
 Hunger and fear reduced the hero of faith to a person with frailties that most of us can identify with readily. 
 are not irreducibly complex (IC)  because any similar repetitive process in nature could be used by a person to infer time, even if it doesn''t happen for the purpose of providing timekeeping information to humans. 
 This is similar to the way that the sages say we should view our own sins: " A person does not understand the intricacies of a halachah [a law] until he transgresses it." 
 The National Council on Alcoholism has defined "alcoholic" as " a person who is powerless to stop drinking and whose drinking seriously alters his normal living pattern." 
 "Of course, it is elementary that the mere presence of a person at the scene of a crime is not  of itself
 Keenan and Przybylski were engaged in constitutionally protected activity and suffered an injury that would chill a person of ordinary firmness. 
 Also to deny a person 
 The more a person is told not to do something, the more they do it. 
 a person of property. 
 Is a co-employee such a person ? 
 "It is so poisonous that when it touches a person , even the garment, without biting or stinging, it kills completely and in a brief time." 
 I thought of myself as being musically communicative at the time, but I was still shy as a person and he was such an immense extrovert that he could intimidate me. 
 "It would seem, necessarily, to follow, that the person from whom the tax was exacted must have been a person from whom, under the provisions of the state law, the officer was authorized to exact it. 
 a person who could claim a cause of action  we do recognize the fiduciary
 If a person of the 20''s was time transported to today
 Experimentation presupposes a person with a mind and a goal, intent on learning something or accomplishing a purpose. 
 This would include a person   such as the appellant  found at the scene of the crime lying face down in weeds a foot high
 A person who doesn''t fit this criterion is no anarchist. 
 We have discussed the statutory declaration that "ignorance or a mistaken belief as to a matter of fact does not relieve a person of criminal liability unless... 
 To be fair, he has been designated as a person of national historic significance and his home is operated as a provincial historic site by the Province of Alberta. 
 A visit to The Practical Alientomologist Web site will give you a brief account of a galactic mantis encountered by a person on psychedelic mushrooms. 
 Describe the process whereby a person develops a cosmopolitan race attitude. 
 Specifically, he needed mathematicians and computers (at the time, computer was a job title for a person who performed mathematical computations; practical electronic computers were still far in the future). 
 I think that a lot of prejudices today come from what a person hears from their elders, so thi[...] 
 I don''t think religion determines what a person is like. 
 A person who has spent a lot of money on getting a very good fraudulent document is going to be very hard to detect
 What does a person need to have besides the vehicle? 
 I said " unless a person is posing a serious threat to you or a member of your family". 
 chastity  malice  peevishness  courage  triviality  industry  irresponsibility are not private possessions of a person . 
 Q. And do you have any idea whether that person is a person who has special training as an actuarial? 
 not increasing it - as obviously you would want some some sort of income screening if a person wanted to increase their subsidy beyond the amount they had originally qualified for. 
 But a person of great talent and courage, she had an even bigger plan. 
 Any time numbers a person in excess of $1 per every $5 borrowed that you just want remains below $30, the lending company can not recharge. 
 "It''s mostly out of respect for [Carr] as a person and a survivor," McDermott said. 
 A place that contributes to a person achieving their full potential physically, mentally and academically 
 a person who has his or her habitual residence in its territory. 
 We want you to share something about your life as a person living and working in the life sciences. 
 The teacher of peace is a responsible global citizen, an intentional agent of a culture of peace, a person of vision, capable of hope and the imaging of positive change. 
 Such data could provide an objective way to see and communicate what might be causing stress for a person , says Rosalind Picard, director of the Affective Computing Research Group at MIT and cofounder of Affectiva. 
 According to census officials it designates " a person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican, South or Central American, or other Spanish culture or origin regardless of race." 
 Under Rule 19, a court must undertake a two-step analysis to determine whether a person in question should be joined. 
 such as letting someone know there is a guest who needs assistance  or when describing a person , and part of their physical appearance is them using an assistive device, such as a wheelchair or a cane. 
 It would remain unlawful to humiliate or intimidate a person or group of people based on their race or ethnicity. 
 If a person has lost consciousness and rescue breathing is required
 One wonders how a person becomes a Monk in DDO  most likely through a careers fair at school where
 I love my job along with most of my co-workers and I love my friends in my house... maybe I''m just not a person that people can live with? 
 But will she allow bumps in the road to slow her down, or will they make her stronger as a person ? 
 a person with a body anymore. his parents were on their way down to find out they''d never see him again. 
 The few existing iimages of Calvin reveal him as a person of some degree of physical refinement. 
 It''s like meeting an anime fan in real life: there''s so much you share in common with said fan as opposed to a person who thinks that an anime is a type of fruit. 
 Make arrangements to interview a person in your field. 
 a person . 
 a person of the same sex. 
 A person 
 " A person is not defined by their disease. 
 and "vulnerable"  as if the race of a person is the pre-determining factor, as opposed to racism. 
 But is it a mistake that you claim to recover RDX and other explosives from a person 
 View of the River with some boats with passengers, people walking along the River side and a person fishing. 
 All of these latter are mental states, and they are such that a person who has such a state is aware that he does. 
 In Manitoba, certified journeyperson means a person 
 When I had the pleasure of calling upon you some time since at Pitchworth I intimated to you that I had a person 
 a person to the staff to maintain the equipment being installed under the grant
 But ''identifiable'' does not end here, as a person 
 facts regarding the life of a person or founding and dissolution of a corporate body 
 grants the MOH the power to bring an application seeking injunctive relief in cases where a person has done, is about to do or is likely to do anything that constitutes an offence under the FDA; 
000  and National Food Security Card which is issued to a person having less than Rs.1 lakh annual income. 
 "Ultimately, I was becoming a person I didn''t really like
 dealing in property owned, held, or controlled by a listed person or a person acting on behalf of a listed person 
 In order to be eligible for Section 95 support, a person must appear to be destitute, or likely to become destitute. 
 Another area of discussion is a sense of passion a person has for a career. 
 Why should such a person not be given another chance?" 
 The Act states that "except as may be provided for under this or any other Act, a person who is not a party to a proceeding may make submissions to the [OLT] with respect to the proceeding in writing only." 
 A "budget service company" is a person doing business as a budget counseling, credit counseling, debt management, or debt pooling service. 
 and he now wants revenge on the guy who did that to him  because he''s prideful and also that''s a shitty thing to do to a person . 
 (a) there is an error or omission respecting the name of a person in the assessment roll; 
 Time was when a curator was a person 
 nor is a competency test required before a person can engage in fishing activities. 
 Additional efforts were required of CMCC staff to locate and contact a person responsible for flight following in case of an emergency. 
 A safe holding area where a person who needs evacuation assistance can wait safely until help arrives. 
 a person with chocolate and then kill him/her. 
 "Without [the Legion''s] support, there would be no way I could be where I am as an athlete or as a person ," said one winning competitor. 
 cross-border financial service provider of a Party means a person 
 has said Intel''s innovations can lead to products that make a person feel proud and confident – and reflect who they are. 
 When a person is in danger  nearest volunteers will be notified
 the medical practitioner or nurse practitioner may administer a substance to a person to cause their death without meeting the requirement set out in paragraph (3) (h) if 
 • Implied consent: Whether an advisory sufficiently informs a person that refusal to submit to a breath test is a crime depends on whether the advisory  considered in its context as a whole
 As a person who once considered college majors from music to meteorology myself (with meteorology winning out)
 A person stops taking HCG during this period, and just eats 1500 calories per day as part of a set program. 
 Being considerate of someone''s pronouns lets them know you respect them as a person . 
 I am a person who no longer attends church or buys into organized religion
 When a person is attracted to someone, characteristic physiological responses are observed, such as flush and perspiration. 
 I read in Sally Mellville''s blog that when a person who grew up in her house was away at college he sat in a great room. 
 Experimental results on lad conditions indicate a accurate detection of a person fall. 
 defined as a person 
 Diabetes is when a person has a fasting blood sugar equal to or greater than 126 mg/dl
 "They get information, like, a person might know the coach, and some guy might have gotten hurt on Monday in practice, a key player. 
 You might believe in a cause or a person and find out things you believed were fully wrong. 
 "If you don''t really believe in a better future, it is very unlikely to get well, because a person who has lost hope rarely ventures actively into new treatments." 
 To steal a person ?s identity, criminals need just one thing to get started ? your social security number. 
 summed it up perfectly: "The only important thing as far as I''m concerned was how he was as a person : he was a nice guy 30 years ago and he didn''t change. 
 This brings me to the question of why would a person 
 One accepts proportionalism just to the extent that one thinks the moral judgment concerning which possibility a person 
 So, whether a person wants their Fellowship to be... 
 this new individual is a person . 
 We don''t see multiple personalities as a manifestation of evil spirits living inside a person or influencing them. 
 Occasionally a person faces various physical and spiritual sorrows and troubles in the world. 
 your a person at risk for bleeding (i.e. hemophiliac) 
 It hardly seems possible that a person can act for one and the same end in sinning mortally and in doing nonmeritorious but morally good acts
 The Bible says that the less functional a person is, the more we should protect him! 
 The idea that a number of T4 cells below 200 is the magic measure of whether a person should start taking AZT is a pig-in-the-poke choice of numbers. 
 This search for God and resulting willingness to have faith in him, distinguishes a person who desires good from one who prefers evil[18]. 
 Once you register at a site every access can be linked to you as a person . 
 The DD-175 was filled out by a person other than LT BATES, presumably one of the students. 
 When a person is seeking a very intense, focused and specialized art education, he/she may look at entering a four-year art school. 
 I found your information on the internet, but was reluctant to share my information with a person that I did not know at the time. 
 Model the behavior of a person eating the least or the slowest 
 If a person   out of love for his country  begins  without justification
 With the clear mind the Prophet Ibrahim (as) earned by obeying religion, he was able to win an argument against a person who, far from religion, argued with him about Allah with his crooked reasoning. 
 This is because people generally perceive rolls as indicating that a person is "fat". 
 A person 
 a person who uses, or procures to be taken or used, a female under eighteen years of age, when not her husband, 
 So how is it that a person 
 Each of us have a story or special memory of a person who died. 
 Each extra word of torah will launch a person into a new existence not comprehensible to a person who has not merited it. 
 Give a Person Reality and some Rhythm and Vibration, he will cool down the hot side of his Nature. 
 In order that the importance of this reminder be grasped, Allah prepares a large number of examples in a person ''s in daily life. 
 Talking to a person in an English speaking country can be an incredibly fun and exciting adventure to start on. 
 When a person is experiencing visual stress, printed text may appear distorted, and letters within words can seem blurred. 
 Any crisis will demand that a person locate his or her coping methods. 
 If a person lacks emuna, his life towards dveikus is a difficult path. 
 She is the only person in the WORLD who is able to bring a person out of a second stage coma with the aid of her machine. 
 However, as a person trader, you might want to know what is a fxgt レバレッジ and just what Read More... 
 So for example, a person who has only PA credits and not working for an established company will not qualify. 
 Consider bringing your car to a professional car wash--they generally use less water than a person washing their car at home. 
 Today, as a result, some are calling the Gospel of John the "most Jewish" of all the Gospels, written not by a person 
 There was a shift in language, sodomy which is considered an act was replaced by the label of homosexual which refers to a person vice an act. 
 He said, "If Klal Yisrael includes a person who is so caring that he traveled twice to Tel Aviv to see me, I have no more questions in emunah." 
 In such cases nobody cares what type of trainer a person is. 
 Moving forward Being a recruiter you should always keep in mind that whatever you are offering to a person should always aligned with his/her expectation. 
 Women are less likely to find a person attractive who comes across as desperate when they''re trying to get a date. 
 The Contract Labour Regulation and abolition Act (CLRA) defines the term contractor in section 2(c)- meaning" a person who undertakes to provide a given result for the establishment ........through contract labour
 Can the issue be taken up Just by proving that a person has worked for more than the period defined for the entitlement of Gratuity. 
 a person call lay on. 
 "There are times when a person regrets being proved right  as I was on Wednesday  December 2. ... One of the San Bernardino shooters  Tashfeen Malik
 This book provides a personal framework upon which a person can find freedom. 
 Let a person drops from the shape and since body rest upon the adverse day. 
 ''There are six signs of a person of conviction: he has truly attained conviction in Allah and believed in Him
 This NYC school teacher that was on What Not to Wear was just such a person . 
 According to the Hebrew Bible, Anna was a merciful woman and therefore, her name signifies a person of great mercies to others. 
 Stimulating growth rarely, if ever, requires a person get fired up to the level some people think is necessary. 
 People can change drastically over time, so don''t be too surprised if your previous classification of a person is no longer accurate. 
 Is a person like this going to be among those rescued by Allah SWT at the time of fitnah, or will he fall into fitnah? 
 Roxanne  this is a powerful discussion-starter on Alzheimer''s  especially for those close to a person afflicted by what is often considered ''the worst of all diseases.'' 
 While this response of building invisible walls around a person for the sake of self-preservation is normal for many people  and is something to respect when interacting with others
 Hashem listens to the cries of the oppressed and as a punishment for oppressing converts, widows and orphans a person can die without his family''s knowledge. 
 This works once a person sends a request, and it is accepted. 
 This especially arises when a person joins in the midst of the year. 
 It is a prerequisite that a person is registered as a tax agent
 Very professional in her work and excellent as a person ." 
 Hi Suryakanth, I am also a person planning to do PhD in HR/management related area. 
 there have also experienced dark and challenging times–whether it be a conflict within a person   or a small unit of society or even at a larger scale  like this pandemic  and somehow  by God''s grace
 Bediuzzaman, on the other hand, while not discarding the possibility of Jesus'' descent as a person   stresses the spiritual personality more
 denying a person or an institution such as IDM the right to respond to allegations made against them. 
 For a person with a physical disability, Vietnam''s traffic is immobilizing. 
 What is a person to do after all  when God disappears on us  when the promises God makes are slow in being fulfilled
 Joanelle: Ancestry.com lists a person this name in 1830 US Census as residing in Hall, GA and in 1840 and 1870 censuses residing in District 824, Murray, GA. 
 Are you a person who is living Mowi''s values and enthusiastic to learn new processes? 
 Though modern technology may enable a person to be kept artificially alive  yet when no evidence exists of brain activity
 or devotional service of the Lord  has all the good qualities of the great sages  whereas a person who is not so transcendentally situated has no good qualifications
 Naturally given a person 
 a person or entity. 
 I wish coffee was a person . 
 a person hanging off their arm) No  there is me -Sam Alexx (not my real name
 a person under 18. 
 How does a person become so messed up that they can rape children? 
 Nevertheless, after this analysis, Ron contends that a person who "divorces" his wife for a cause other than her fornication  and "marries" another woman
 Lein Applied Diagnostics is developing a hand-held optical sensor that determines the glucose level of a person with diabetes via the eye''s aqueous humour. 
 the sort where all else fails and there is someone else out there looking out for a person . 
 a person who seeks to enter Canada for the purpose of delivering  maintaining
 Thus, sensings were introduced as theoretical states involved in the explanation, for example, of how it could seem to a person that there is a pink ice cube in front of him when in point of fact there is not. 
 Almost like a fairy tale where saying a name made a person appear, a car pulled up to the curb and Simon Banks stepped out. 
 When other countries invade or when there are thieves or riots, if a person can recollect and worship that Tathagata, then he will be free of all of these as well. 
 That''s the best prescription for warming a person up in this cold weather. 
 e.g.  trees  chairs  etc. He claims to know  with regard to each living human body  that it is the body of a person who has had experiences of the same kinds as he himself has had. 
 In one setting, a person can lie down on a bed, and easily view the television without lifting their head. 
 Jim Carrey: Scrooge is not a person who really loves his life. 
 To illustrate this consider a rule, or maxim, which could arise in this way: suppose that a person is trying to decide whether to tell someone who is fatally ill what his illness is when he has been asked to do so. 
 Dellosa said a person can have a combination of both personality disorders, which could result in a very destructive behavior. 
 For a complex contour map, it can take a person 10 to 20 days to get the map fully digitized. 
 A person may disregard the appointment letter as getting vaccinated is voluntary, the mayor reiterated. 
 A person whose job title is "Merlin" does not like to send out the S.O.S. 
 He is a person who engages in it without a sense of contrition." 
 Think of a person who is blind from birth. 
 Just like I think that, if you''ll pardon me, anybody who thinks having a penis makes you a better person than a person who has a vulva is insane, but that''s just me. 
 Many consider that it is also not appropriate to send a New Year''s card to a person who has suffered a death in their family. 
 What a person calls a ''valid'' type of moral argument is simply a technique for altering emotional attitudes
 As I understand the passage, if a person has indicated that he has no desire to do whatever Jesus commanded  it matters not what he may have learned  he is NOT
 These leaders, like David, tell a person they are going to hell if they don''t submit to their teachings and interpretations
 At what point is a person able to offer up an expression of heartfelt thanksgiving for his/her redemption from sin and death? 
 It teaches there are six steps that a person must complete in order to be saved: 1) hearing the gospel  2) believing it  3) repenting of your former sinful ways
 Certainly in a person already mentally disturbed the additional stress of DDT poisoning could be disastrous. 
 On one she drew a picture of a person sitting in a chair, looking out a window onto some moors, probably a self-portrait. 
 In fact, there was such a person ; his name was Peter Quill. 
 which says "listing relationships online solidifies the commitment" (a quote from a person , not a claim the article makes). 
 by having a substance of His own; in such a way that He may be regarded as an objective thing and a person , and so be able (as being constituted second to God the Father,) to make two, the Father and the Son, God and the Word. 
 Depending on the circumstances and state laws, murder in the first or second degree may be chargeable to a person who did not actually kill
 a person or to the large rock outside Mariam? 
 What Makes A Person ? 
 These words are so clear that they may dispel any Darkness that is before the mind of a person , never so little versed in Reading, who may behold the agreement that there is between Things and Persons. 
 A McKenzie friend is a person who cannot normally address the court but can take notes and offer help and support. 
 Alternatively, a person can visit a courthouse  request the necessary form
 Each of the three prioritized areas has a person who will lead in developing specific recommendations. 
 the early Torah scholars were experts in being able to determine a blemish that would later come upon a person , just from seeing certain characteristics of that person. 
 A person will walk up that I have never seen today and say, "I do not know why I am here. 
 A person in whom the spirit of Christ dwells does not look for loopholes in the Bible. 
 a person -- who has such moral rights as the right to life. 
 Travelling as a person with a disability requires a lot of planning and organization. 
 which define the ethical practices  conduct  and obligations expected of a person certified by INIFAC. 
 No, Allah does not accept that a cow, a person , an angel, a prophet, a stone, or anything be worshipped in place of him, or even along with Him. 
 This is common when a person has scars from a previous infection or injury. 
 Since Am Yisrael were in a place generally bare of sticks, a person 
 Defendant offers no persuasive argument why the Second Amendment would permit application of a firearm ban to a person convicted of  say  mail fraud  see Dreher v. United States  115 F.3d 330
 In the book The Road Less Traveled by M. Scott Peck, a person must confront and solve problems. 
 The answer: They feel ok inside and draw a person that feels the same way about them. 
 A, which likewise turns on whether a person "is of Mexican  Puerto Rican  Cuban  Central or South American origin
 And can you just imagine what''s going through the dog''s mind while it''s being made to feast like a person instead of the four-legged creature that it is? 
 a person may commit other types of sex related crimes that fall within federal jurisdiction
 And Fudayl Ibn Iyyaad (rahimahullaah) said: "Whoever sits with a person of Innovation, then beware of him." 
 Erekh, and especially erkekha, is the expression of an ideal, imaginary value, the expression of the imaginary value a person has to God and His Sanctuary. 
 Sexual Exploitation: An act attempted or committed by a person for sexual gratification  financial gain
 It''s not that she doesn''t care, far from it, she just doesn''t seem like a person pretending to care, which would allow her to be present. 
 The messages posted here usually ask for some kind of help--in finding a person or text, in handling a particular kind of classroom challenge, and so on. 
 The term "third party" is defined as " a person or group besides the two primarily involved in a situation, esp. a dispute." 
 Whatever is the essence of a person , of social interaction, of conflict, is shared by all people, all social interaction, and all conflict. 
 One of those techniques is the role of a facilitator -- a person who leads the meeting process. 
 At Penguins, play is central to learning and each child has a voice and is respected as a person . 
 Selecting a career path that is both effective and satisfying is one of the most important decisions a person makes in their entire life. 
 a person or animal; or (E) sadistic or masochistic abuse 
 A person 
 As described, then, authoritative power is a capability to use legitimacy to convince a person to do something. 
 And if a person deliberately violates one of the six prohibitions - he brings death sentence of Heavens upon himself. 
 Wishing Tim to be that kind of fucked up for him just makes him even lousier a person , but he''s still doing it. 
 Craig Kilborn, seemed to get along quite well for a person who hasn''t seen the show 30 or 40 times like most of the folks on alt.tv.xena. 
 She explained to the warrior the importance of the act of making love to a person you fully loved. 
 The only thing Demi has that he lacks is a person healing skill (Medical Power), but it is so weak for her that it hardly counts. 
 In this condition, a person oscillates between states of depression and states of intense emotion and activity called mania. 
 which involves no violence to a person , but excludes other serious felonies, such as kidnapping, arson of an occupied dwelling, and aggravated robbery. 
 Jim: The phone originally belonged to a person we have in custody. 
 Under ORS 162.235(1), a person commits the offense of obstructing governmental or judicial administration if he or she "intentionally obstructs
 Her comment was a person would need to read 8 different books to gain all the information contained in "Dance''s" 127 pages. 
 When a person is the victim of more than one crime
 Can a person with strong command become too pushy
 The world of Zootopia didn''t really feel like a place a person would actually want to visit
 If the astrology prediction is that a person is going to win some money  then for a poor person living in poor neighborhood
 We are seeking a person to join the team and grow with the company. 
 or stalking (i.e.  sexual misconduct) in the institution''s education program or activity against a person in the United States responds in a manner that is clearly unreasonable in light of the known circumstances. 
 Titles and headings that include the name of a person should use the form that that the person most commonly uses/used
 we focused upon the private context in which the conversation in question took place  stating: "What a person 
 If a person with anorexia becomes severely malnourished  every organ in the body can be damaged  including the brain
 since the appellants admitted that they knew Fuzzy had bitten Etzler  a person who had fed Fuzzy on prior occasions and a person with whom Fuzzy was well acquainted. 
 a person with a mere interest in the problem." 
 Though a person may  by contract  waive his or her right to adjudication  see 9 U.S.C. § 2
" the court posited that "[i]t is implausible that a person labeled by the state as so totally ill could go about  after his release  seeking employment  applying to schools
 (2) If a person is speaking, is he saying a prayer? 
 On the other hand, I have much less of a problem doing something to help a person who does accept that it''s nobody else''s responsibility but theirs to improve their lot in life. 
 consult with a person on the correct use of all inhalers 
 In a project that is high in risk, we might have a person who is at a high level and is exclusively responsible for managing risks. 
 After a long meiseh, he was finished, and as he let go my hand, he said simply: "I just want you should know I was a person . 
 a person or group than another choice. 
 We may have copies of a book entitled "Origin of the Species" that claims to be authored by a person named Charles Darwin, but then that could just be a pseudonym used by some unknown author. 
 However, I find that a person who changes jobs for money alone, is usually disappointed. 
 If the issue is communication, this is the key distinction: a person 
 You can exclude a person   group  or organization from viewing items belonging to a particular product family
 one character exclaims ''My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me''. 
 When he encounters a person who is different than himself, either in values or culture, he is in unable to interact appropriately. 
 Therefore, the question that strikes our minds is how could we expect from a person who is a member of both the Caucuses to do full justice with either. 
 a person who has not taken too great a part in politics generally and particularly in the recent past." 
 Other people often find such a person odd and eccentric, and may feel uncomfortable being around someone who holds such strange and unusual ideas. 
 Importantly for all people in NSW, the Act extends the general time for holding a person under arrest. 
 A person , who is a borrower, databases their particular personal loan on a peer to peer lending network My page :: payday loan 
 As with Michelle Cusseaux, all it took was a "look" to transform Lashonn from a person desperate for police intervention into a dangerous threat in the eyes of officers. 
 Most families simply cannot afford the expensive but necessary equipment and treatment to enable a person with cerebral palsy to lead a fulfilling life. 
 He speaks of himself, in contrast, as a person who  without qualifying for a diagnosis of even low-level depression
 She noted that "indicated" reports alone cannot legally prevent a person from getting a job. 
 First, a person with ADHD will exhibit momentary impulsivity, without much advance warning. 
 A total score of 0-9 indicates that a person is not significantly depressed  10-18 indicates mild to moderate depression
 So with regard to an issue, a person can be a Mujtahid implementing partial Ijtihaad  and some another issue he could be a muttabi'' (follower)
 The purpose of Tzara''at was to cause a person to realize that there is an effect to his words and to refocus his life for the positive. 
 A person believes a product they have used for years is very good; but then as a result of persuasive advertising
 a person can be excused or not. 
 which is a loss of the white blood cells that help a person fight infection. 
 If a person wear out these, there are usually usually new kinds out there all the time. 
 And also, because one of the several cases commonly cited in proving a person 
 "Depression is the emissary of the evil inclination to disturb and confuse a person in his G-dly mission. 
 The text is at times somewhat repetitive, but not more so than a person who has given a lot of thought to a subject may be. 
 "We''ve heard many troubling stories of ''revenge porn'': an ex-partner seeking to publicly humiliate a person by posting private images of them, or hackers stealing and distributing images from victims'' accounts. 
 "That''s a bigger victory than putting away a person for more time." 
 in the case of a person who works for an organisation, the person forms part of that organisation; 
 Essentially, it looks not just at how a person behaves, but why. 
 For a person of this name''s service as a Private request record 17731. 
 Esophageal speech is a technique whereby a person takes air in through the mouth, traps it in the throat, and then releases it. 
 cripple is a reclaimed slur that i find joy in using. that''s very much a person by person case, and i have disabled friends who are uncomfortable with me using it, so i don''t use it around them. 
 I noticed the men had stopped moving, when I turned around a person wearing the same clothes as the man at my house was standing in front of me. 
 A safety order is also made by the courts, prohibiting a person from using violence or threats of violence against the subject of the order. 
 A lack of education can handicap a person early on and then their opportunities diminish rapidly after that. 
 App. 1 (1989), a court order for a physical examination of a person is significantly distinct from a court order for examination of other kinds of non-human physical evidence: 
 Experts say if a person gets frustrated with their kid
 slim new novel: it''s a book about God  after all–God and the lack of God  and what both of these conditions can do to a person . 
 In case If a person can not fulfill his duty and pay the creditors, it is not uncommon to leave town and spent New Year alone. 
 Under SB 364, a person cannot be criminally charged for possession of less than 10 grams of marijuana
 Thirdly, a person like that must have a sense of ethics  and that is something that we are rapidly losing  in the practice of politics
 NLD''s founding member a key architect in shaping the party''s road map, U Tin Oo said, ''The Lady is not an ordinary lady but a person who stands tall for liberty, democracy, rights and peace, so her influence will be strong." 
 2) Unless a person has a valid tradition based on where his paternal family hails from
 refer to the Mental Capacity Act  and involve family and carers in decision making - although even when a person retains capacity, it is appropriate to involve those important to them. 
 For tee prrpose of signing, tee concerned administrative Ministr , in consrltation wite tee MEA, designates a person to sign tee treat representing tee Government of India. 5 
 Nearly always are going to be ready to give you and so they could possibly recommend highly a place for a person to check-out. 
 despite the fact that he is a person 
 essay on a person you admire 
 However, I believe that, if a person attracts us so particularly that we desire to share our intimacy with her  obviously her negativity  somehow
 The good news is that these characteristics often lessen with treatment, or with age – by the time a person enters their 40s or 50s, the behaviors have often subsided. 
 because I don''t think I deserve this  neither as a person nor as an athlete". 
 Salting is a union organizing tactic where a person gets a job at a non-union workplace with the sole intent of organizing a union. 
 Deputies on Wednesday night were searching for a person who witnesses say fired at least two shots. 
 What have you learned whilst studying at LSBU and how have you grown as a person ? 
 '' A person 
 When the powerless decide to take on systemic problems, the task can seem too great; a person may feel too small, and that may provide reasons not to even try at all. 
 In the same manner, only a person , who labors in Torah and performs the mitzvot in this world, will reap their reward in the World to Come. 
 "Growing up in apartheid South Africa as a person of Indian heritage meant racial confrontation with both blacks and whites. 
 a person who is just 21 years old holds a doctorate certificate. 
 A shot can disintegrate a person without affecting the floor he''s standing on  or vaporize someone''s weapon
 Not only for a person from Aracataca but for any writer. 
 But if a person is a complete ignorant about the basics the he won''t be able to hire a person for a particular job
 However, I would allow for a certain amount of poor decision making when a person is faced with a possible death situation. 
 but it means nothing without Jackie Cooper''s raw symmetry; here is a child actor with a head on his shoulders  a person who understands his part and makes it real
 including teenagers  and that any risks are usually more likely to occur at the time a person first gets an IUD. 
 Solar panels and other energy-efficient appliances will help a person save money. 
 Taking time off for mental health reasons is often necessary, but frequently shamed as an excuse for a person being lazy or weak. 
 a person of our choosing on an incoming Trump Administration." 
 a person at home, in a work environment, or outside. 
 "The Russian nation needs a person just like this – with a Russian temperament. 
 She explained the procedure for incapacitated voters and she went on to explain about an incident which happened where a person 
 Can mold grow on a person ? 
 Rather, a person must adhere to the Truth proven in the Book of Allaah  the Mighty and Majestic
 In a typical toxic portrait, a person is shown standing or sitting near an industrial facility that emits toxins into the surrounding community. 
 a person 
 A class of primary students at an elementary school in West Vancouver is now self-isolating after a person in their class tested positive for COVID-19. 
 The upper curve pertains in particular to a debate among doctors and medical researchers that if a person 
 Imagine a scenario where a person is placed into a building they have not seen before with nothing but an image of the place they need to get to. 
 Corinne seems just fine as a person – she has good and bad points. 
 About The Law Offices of Rovner, Allen, Rovner, Zimmerman & Nash When a person is injured, The Law Offices of Rovner, Allen, Rovner, Zimmerman & Nash are ready to help. 
 The discussions in AGE are often complex and wandering, and having to scroll to the bottom of a post to see what the heck a person is replying to is awkward and annoying, and breaks the flow of the post. 
 Here is a person , these all-too-obvious needle- assisted interventions say, who hoped 
 A person in love will never surrender to difficulties  does not care about time and gains  does not stop at the difficulty
 a person . 
 An educated person, indeed just any person, would know that if you reply to a person and that person addresses you reply, this is call a conversation. 
 When Ravana reaches the shores of Gokarna, he realizes that it is time for his ''SandhyaVandana'' and looks out for a person to hold the Atma-Linga till such time as he finishes the rituals. 
 A person using so many templates that the page becomes overloaded is arguably an advanced user who can make his/her own choices. 
 I have only the best to say about Bonny, be it in regard to learning therapy, coaching or as a person to report to. 
 employee timeclocks and other technology requiring a person to provide a retina scan  fingerprint  voiceprint
 A "Manager-in-Charge" is a person performing any core function within a licensed corporation. 
 Under Malaysia constitution only, Malay is defined as a person embraces Islam, speaks Malay and practices Malay customs. 
 9.1 To apply for registration or renewal of registration as an assistant bailiff, a person shall, 
 "distributor" means a person who supplies a hydrocarbon to an end user
 When therefore we encounter a person with another ultimately fixed moral point and the logic that derives from it
 As a person who could essentially live off cured meats and pickled things
 For example, if a person 
 B  C  and D are all at the same distance from X. It might have been recognised by a person who had never suspected that there was a point X from which these four points were equidistant. 
 Well, some memories are like weights, heavy anchors that keep a person on a very short leash. 
 consorting or similar provisions that prevent a person 
 (a)(3) and (4) re possession by a person 
 "producer" means a person engaged in the production of beans. 
 Bull refers to a person ԝho beliеves the stock marklet will go higher and the credіt market will loosen. 
 (2) A person 
 a person who, 
 We do not get morally excited when a person behaves rightly under circumstances which frequently occur in the lives of all of us
 Yet, none of these ideas never show us the true character of a person . 
 (3) the child''s serious physical harm  (4) the arrest of a person due to child abuse or neglect
 I''ve never seen a person who has owned one of these that wanted to go back to something factory made. 
 ● a person that is transporting dogs; and 
 A person 
 Lodge Brothers funeral directors London knows too well what can happen to a person and families when their loved ones pass away, even if it may have been expected. 
 On the contrary, he writes that a person "cannot escape the implicit knowledge that he should think, that to be conscious is desirable..." 
 Believe me, I have no envy of a person who''s worked as an art critic at The Portland Oregonian for a decade. 
 Mr Eglin (DP) asked if there is any law about supplying arms to a person outside the Republic of South Africa. 
 One of the incidents the DG referred to was when a person   after the process was completed  was found not to have declared
 A person was designated as an inspector by the Director General. 
 White women needlessly calling law enforcement over the perceived misbehavior of a person 
 But in one crucial situation this duty sharply curtails my freedom to decide as I please: when I encounter a person who chooses to do something I dislike. 
 a person had a face on the back of his head (like Janus). 
 Life is so strange And unpredictable in cases Many have no idea even in traces If a person loses Love
 She is a person you can depend on to get things done. 
 Again, I don''t have to agree with an opinion to like the way a person writes. 
 An old African proverb says that a library burns down each time a person dies. 
 We have enough, but not enough to keep a person in. 
 The cult has it''s own language which further regulates how a person thinks. 
 You must admit that this is no bundle of twigs but a person   a pilgrim  perhaps  who died in their sleep long ago
 These are the five groups that form what we call a person . 
 Indictments and complaints are a means of charging a person with criminal activity. 
 "I have a right the same as a person who doesn''t smoke,"said Mr Bunker. 
 Adjusting to zigzags, bends and curves Fate checks all skills of a person to the end! 
 In depressive periods, a person will feel sad and hopeless (Truschel 2019). 
 I think a person would have to be dead not to be affected by...what you''re doing." 
 I can only tell you that there is nothing, and I mean nothing, more meaningful in this world than when a person has his or her life taken away while in service to their country." 
 and systematically producing remorse in a person until they reach a group standard of "godly sorrow." 
 More specifically the prohibition: " A person convicted of a felony by a state or national government court is ineligible to be a member of Congress." 
 Forty hours a week of this can get to a person ; even office workers, after all, get their lunches away from their claustrophobic cubicles. 
 Even under duress I hold that a person remains responsible for their actions and the choices that they make are therefore moral choices. 
 according to a person familiar with the conversations. 
 Guess I''m just wary of anything resembling worship of a person at this time -- I''ve seen way too much of that regarding Joseph Smith or General Authorities of the LDS Church
 While normally not dangerous in a person with a normal immune system  genital herpes can cause physical pain and  of course
 We do not need to know why a person shouts fire in a crowded theater; we only need to know it was done, and is likely to have a predictable effect. 
 the freedom to act without "physical compulsion  coercion or interference"  as a necessary prerequisite for a person to live his life. 
 I am a person who is able to live without initiating the use of force against others or advocating the initiation of force. 
 Is your point that a person should never ever change his position on anything
 He also writes that there is a great difference in how a person responds to the low-carbohydrate diet, depending on whether the person has Colitis or Crohn''s. 
 Thus, a person with type 1 diabetes is more likely to suffer from adrenal gland damage (Addison''s disease)
 There seems to be no scientific reason for this tradition except what I believe is that in folklore it is symbolic of a person in grief who has lost an elder, particularly one of the parent, in the family. 
 I called and listened to an incredible story of hope and of healing from a person who, if at all possible was even sicker than me. 
 When a person 
 And the way to build enough context that allows a person to create a new context is by interacting or teaming with others to expand the knowledge base. 
 First it looks to help a person understand the need to base themselves in the sure foundation of their identity in Jesus. 
 Divine madness takes a person beyond the earth''s pull; it lifts him up to the Throne of God
 Yvonne wrote: A person live where they receive his/her mail. 
 If our belief system says that a person 
 A person could die out here - drowning in a swift stream, falling into a deep ravine. 
 Unity and divinity are two things through which a person 
 I''ve "mixed and matched" FOUR monitors on my new PC, three from the two machines that I was able to retire, and one from a person who reluctantly upgraded and was ecstatic thereafter. 
 He gave this scenario: A person makes a call from Los Angeles to Pakistan that is picked up by NSA. 
 very fond of snuff-taking  and leaning on a stick  dies; and the neighbours hear  amazed  that the defunct is such a person as Don Manuel Godoy  prince of the peace  a man whose fame has filled all Europe
 Our esteemed and pleasant friend, Mr. Hobbyhorse, is a striking instance of the delight and comfort experienced by a person who simply believes everything. 
 When a person appears, the dog starts growling, and by the time they come close, it starts barking... 
 It cuts off such a person from the universe and makes him into a spiritual miser – and then this miserliness quickly begins to develop and grow
 You can profile a person by rating them those traits, and the profile will distinguish between individuals with maximum efficiency. 
 SECTION 186 CIVIL LIABILITY - TRUSTEE MAY RECOVER PRICE DIFFERENTIAL 186(1) If a person (the ''insider'' ) contravenes the insider trading rules in relation to particular superannuation interests
 As the proposal stated: "We are not changing the Medical Improvement Review Standard that we use to determine whether a person continues to meet the disability requirements of the Act." 
 Scroll through them and see what a person Daniel was through the eyes of others. 
 It is an offence for a person to provide  or arrange for another person to provide  in commercial circumstances
 a person . 
 "There were so many moments from the very first day we shot to now where, not only as a character, but myself as a person , needed something to get out of the scene and that seemed to be the word." 
 After all, when confronted by a skeptical audience, a person should be able to provide the why''s and wherefores to back up his claims. 
 There is a person straightforward, inconvenient alternative: copy and paste a static or animated emoticon into the chat window. 
 All that is really claimed, in the name of social priming, is that a bit of information in the environment influences a person to think or act differently a few seconds or minutes later. 
 Emerson and Baines (2010) have highlighted that when treating a person with a learning disability
 When a person 
 Checking multiple sources is a great way to make sure that a person can be trusted
 Because, [as known] " a person does not commit a sin except if a spirit of folly enters into him", i.e. that he becomes literally like an animal. 
 (7) Where a person who has been discharged in pursuance of an order made under subsection 19B(1) 
 The effects can last a long time and affect a person in many ways: 
 (a) while a person is in prison and is serving or subject to a federal sentence, a further federal sentence is imposed on the person; and 
 If a person who is given by a superannuation provider a copy of a statement given by the provider to the Commissioner under: 
 Where the Commissioner, in an assessment, has granted a rebate to a person 
 Since this prohibition [of eating blood] is an obligation relevant to a person , rather than being dependent on land, it applies to all dwelling places. 
 What happens if a person thinks a covered entity''s staff has discriminated against him or her? 
 Can you mourn for a person of whom you have no memory? 
 Consignors can hire a person 
 (Because of this when a person below performs the commandments and sublimates his desire to G-d''s desire  this reaches all the way up
 A person can''t change their psychology to suit your own or change it on a dime
 Now a person who is overweight knows they should not eat chocolate eclairs. 
 When a person breaks through all his limitations with complete self-sacrifice in his service of G-d
 VIG explained that breakfast boosts the energy levels and helps keep a person fit and trim and focussed and even more productive. 
 The premise of Avatar''s world is a simple one: There are four nations, and depending on where a person is born, they may have the ability to "bend" one of the elements. 
 For some directors, if a person looked different  say  because of their eyes
 When a person gets saved
 a person 
 And that''s because Michael isn''t a person . 
 (a) the rights of a person 
 A failure to pay rent leading to eviction can lead to a person being intentionally homeless. 
 provides assistance or performs tasks for the benefit of a person with a disability
 As it turns out, sleep is one of the best things a person can do when trying to pack on muscle, as it accounts for a great deal of the body''s muscle repair and growth. 
 At a fundamental level all three types are about a person wanting to connect with another of the opposite sex. 
 Instead of being a person that was created from "adama " (earth) which is drawn towards coarseness
 A person may make a summary record of the information contained in the receipt book. 
 Several years ago, a person in Taiwan wrote a book to make a big effort of defaming H.H. Dorje Chang Buddha III. 
 a person who undertakes study to obtain a job (82 ATC at 4474; 13 ATR at 439). 
 However, this approach is restricted to circumstances of the kind detailed and would not, for example, apply where a person has regular use of the car for private purposes. 
 The off-duty came upon a driver who had left their vehicle to pour water on flames along Columbia Street and pointed to a person believed to have started the fire, then walking down the road. 
 The limit that a person can sue for in justice of the peace courts (or municipal courts) in Texas is $10,000. 
 Less normal, and less common, is the dissociative fugue state, in which a person suffers a temporary lapse of consciousness while wandering or acting out a complex behavior. 
 Be mindful of how your words can make a person with a disability feel. 
 Dickerson went from a concerned boyfriend to a person of interest, investigators told producers. 
 Is it legal to setup a person who while clean was asked by a person who had given her a ride to another town, she could so she could check in about getting her insurance reinstated. 
 Transportation Code  if the accident resulted in the death of a person ; This is straight from the Texas code of criminal procedure. 
 Note: used mainly for hitting a person . 
 Quayle was soon informed that indeed in many states a person could just walk into a store and buy a gun. in the NY Times, 8/27/88) 
 A person who is 6 feet tall standing 140 feet from the base of a tree and the tree casts a 150 foot shadow. 
 Which of the following is the Spanish word for "I" A. el B. tu C. yo **** 2. when you speak to someone older or a person in authority, which of the words would you use to address that person? 
 faster surprise letting a person . 
 "For centuries before 1913 it had been taken for granted that a person knows what goes on in his own mind directly, that he is conscious of his own consciousness. 
 If a person has a minor dental procedure done, then he/she must wait 24 hours before donating; for major work wait a month. 
 A person with this degree can go ahead and major in any scientific discipline. 
 A person 
 Which of the following would increase the amount that a person 
 "For most of the history of fire science and fire safety, our efforts have focused on how much smoke would kill a person ," explained Rick Mulhaupt, Research Foundation president. 
 I say that as a person who has driven stick all my... 
 a person with dementia and their loved ones
 During that reception, the Guild will present two esteemed awards to industry leaders: The Tom Burns Award (given to a person whose hard work  passion
 you will recall that we implemented a new Movement Control System during the World Cup and we can process a person within three minutes once in front of an immigration officer. 
 a person was out to threaten the Vice President like this. 
 but after they get the first expenses out of the way  they''ll do two-person missions for $750 million a person . 
 When I joined the HEAT, I was not a person that I could be proud of. 
 Almost to a person , our staff prefers to work from home. 
 And even if there is no limit in place, there are still only so many copies that a person could obtain from a single retail outlet. 
 Asthma cause recurring periods of wheezing, which is a whistling sound when a person breathes, tightness in the chest area, a shortness of breath, and coughing. 
 (ii) the placement of a person into, 
 Three theories presented in this class best represent who I am as a person and help me. 
 (7) A person 
 In the everyday life a person may be derisively named a "hot Estonian fellow" (or  in similar spirit  a "hot-tempered Finnish bloke"
 He agrees that silent was good – he liked showing me off as an object rather than a person , which I agree was a good bit. 
 Basic philosophy and outlook as well as how a person or group of people respond to other people, problems and adapt to the unforeseen is a good one too. 
 webbased project created in the region s history  the beauxarts  as well as in you could make sense every quote must be a person 
 1990  on the distribution of programming produced by a licensee or by a person related to a licensee. 
 You can also talk to a person by typing "person, phrase". 
 Unless a person constantly bears these truths in mind, he will become defenseless against Satan. 
 A degree in business management is a valuable educational credential that acknowledges a person . 
 what degree would you reccomend for a person to get into website programming and app development  computer science or computer programming
 A person who inspired you the most. 
 so I was doing CPR while dodging a person whipping a paperfan in the vicitm''s face. :) 
 You should know that it is not unheard of for a person operating a chain letter to use multiple names to insure that they get much or all of the money. 
 If it is wrong of a person to refuse to donate their cadaveric organs to others, then it may be that their actual consent is not needed. 
 a person appointed by a court or other proper authority. 
 An athlete, says Dr Allan, is a person who trains daily. 
 Certainly, there is nothing wrong with a person setting goals in his life and career goals and working hard to achieve them. 
 For example, if a person 
 With references to the French philosopher Baudrillard''s concept of "simulacra"–the representation of a person or thing–Fleck analyzes his own show during the performance
 (2) The Commission or a person authorised in writing by the Commission may at any reasonable time inspect and take extract from or copies of
 A person who wants to be phone a student should offer the committee a unique piece of writing
 so that they begin to believe that he/she will be capable of assisting them fairly as a person on whom they can rely at all times. 
 Xena shoots straight up from a sound sleep, grasping at air as if she is reaching and grabbing for a person . 
 Even after shutting off the vehicle, these settings remain the next time that a person puts the vehicle in reverse. 
 "Through their coaching, I developed an unshakeable confidence in who I was as an athlete and as a person . 
 based on this provision  that the power granted to the Commission under the CAMA 2020 to grant authorisation to a person 
 It is a blessing to have a person who knows you well, and a deeper blessing when that person is wise and intelligent. 
 Obesity is the state in which a person is overweight, it is a serious chronic disease that causes negative effects in most of the body organs. 
 A corporation is a juridical person distinct from its owner while a trade name under which a person conducts business is a person''s personal property. 
 a person to perform the work entrusted on him/her successfully. 
 if the Council establishes there is an identified need for a resident full-time carer  such a person may be considered on a housing application. 
 Frederick Douglass made the black population worth more than just three fifths of a person . 
 An insult / derogative term deriving from the video game Skyrim, often used by City Guards to suggest a person is weak and / or young / inexperienced. 
 Article IV, Section 7 states, " A person may not be compelled to give evidence that may be used against him in a criminal case
 These are the basic blocks of a career, and will allow a person to identify a field of work in which they can thrive and achieve satisfaction. 
 a person from a time earlier than when the instrument is terminated or varied under this item. 
 Any individual who sells a firearm to a person who is prohibited from possessing a firearm is guilty of a Class 4 felony. 
 There was no abomination of desolation where a person declared himself falsely to be God and demanded worship. 
 At times a person can feel good about themselves and say "hey, I''m pretty good at this". 
 In December 2014 the Applicant was charged with one count of indecent assault on a person under the age of 16 years (the offence). 
 who were merely coming to his assistance  is hardly demonstrative of a person who had been injured in the altercation. 
 A person 
 each MSSP site has funds reserved for the purchase of services necessary to maintain a person in the community after all other private or public programs options have been exhausted. 
 Speaking of limitations, I think you should also limit how many GFs a person can equip. 
 It was not a real positive experience with a person , and that person is no longer there, by the way. 
 ''But during this time I grew as a person   and I loved the fact that I learnt so much  not only about other cultures and countries  the industry  new people
 However, you should realize that putting blame on others and avoiding responsibility that a person ought to accept in itself is great evil. 
 I don''t expect to be able to get a person up there, but the kind of space you can stick a head into an keep the odd box of decorations etc. Cheers Gary 
 The more extrovert a person is, the more difficult they find it to pray and to concentrate while praying – too much to do! 
 Once a person has completed all the achievements they''ll earn rewards like an extra day off or a new keyboard," said Newell. 
 Bonnie D_3 2019-11-12 I really like the girl I had as a person , but I needed a housekeeper. 
 dependent child) of a person who qualified for a visa. 
 Health professionals use this value to broadly categorise a person as underweight (
 I think, to some degree, a person with Self-Assurance can think, "I think I''m right." 
 "In places where traveller''s cheques are not popular, a person may need to pay a commission of 8 to 10 per cent to encash it. 
 Scientists have found risk factors that make a person more likely to develop nasopharyngeal cancer (NPC). 
 whether a person operates their own economic enterprise or engages independently in a profession or trade
 12.1.3 A person   whether a student or not
 It does not accrue to any person unless it accrues against him also, and right does not accrue against a person unless it also accrues in his favour. 
 Even if a person is diagnosed with a type of cancer where gene tests are available
 which came into force on 2 March 2015  makes it a criminal offence for a person 
 The more a person puts their words into action, the more they will be able to contribute to a healthy relationship in the long run. 
 Kazari assigns you a few additional chores to execute once a person complete the Abandoned Shrine part of typically the Cleansing ritual. 
 A person 
 The policy defined a temporary worker as " a person 
 The tank must be cleaned out by a person holding a licence to carry out an "Offensive Trade" from the local Medical Officer of Health 
 Khurshid, however, argued that a person 
 A person with a ''tolerated stay'' permit has the right to: Education  Right to stay in Poland  Right to seek employment
 The definition of disability under section 10(1) of the Ontario Human Rights Code contemplates circumstances where a person might physically rely on an animal to assist with their disability-related needs. 
 or more than 25%  50% or 75% in an entity  or where the acquisition of voting rights enables a person to secure or prevent the passing of any class of resolution governing the affairs of the company. 
 Raburu said many men and women only look at the outer phase value of a person and end up getting into projects instead of relationships. 
 divine rule would be understood as the power that God grants to a person on earth to manage a territory without being able to be judged by their people. 
 In this context a usual resident is a person who resides or intends to reside in a community for six months or more. 
 Note that a person 
 An address where a person was reported to be staying on Census night or where a person may have been included on a Census form. 
 if a person who was already employed in one part-time job took on another part-time job
 Truth''s confidence and faith was remarkable because back then, a woman, let alone a person of colour arguing and opposing the authority was a large challenge. 
 Fetishism Fetishism: Fetishism is a problem in which a person has sexual urges associated with non-living objects. 
 The only manner in which a person 
 Section 34 – whether person aggrieved by decision of Board obliged to appeal to National Court  Section 60 – whether a person granted and paid a class A invalidity benefit is entitled to be paid any further benefits. 
 a person 
 " a person may take an immediate or other interest in land or other " property  or the benefit of any condition  right of entry
 and in the case of a person having such authority  otherwise than by the law of any country which is not part of the Commonwealth
 201.- (1) Where a person kills another in the course or furtherance of some other offence
 We propose that it should be an offence for a person 
 just as they were to a female worker living with a person of the same sex
 a person 
 As a result of this lack of clarity on the status of a "District Officer", I have some doubt if Mr Pogo is a person entitled to sign. 
 "... the issue whether the State party has an obligation to refrain from expelling a person who might risk pain or suffering inflicted by a non-governmental entity
 no person shall be granted a licence or the renewal thereof or the transfer thereof if he is a person – 
 (4) A person 
 to enter Fiji without a permit  he shall  for the purposes of this Act  be deemed to be a person 
 Under this law a person 
 a "privy" as is called  is bound equally with the parties  in which case is estopped by res judicata: the other is that a person may have so acted as to preclude himself from challenging the judgment, in which case he is estopped by his conduct. 
 a person 
 and that a person of reasonable firmness present at the scene of this incident would have feared for his or her safety." 
 I think it must imply the latter because when one goes to s. 432 that section is of course dealing with a person 
 61.–(1) A person shall not without authority from the Permanent Secretary place or maintain in or on any house  wall  door  window  box
 (4) Where no debt has been proved with respect to the property of a person of unsound mind or an incapable person
 said that waiver of the right to counsel is A..... dependent upon it being clear and unequivocal that a person 
 (a) a person , aircraft, airport, aeronautical product, air service and aviation related service in Vanuatu 
 Mr. Rogers accepted, however, in the course of argument, that a person   including a judge
 A person 
 (3) If a person 
 14 A person who isn''t spiritual doesn''t accept the teachings of God''s Spirit. 
 A person 
 (i) that allows a person to terminate an instrument or obligation or modify the operation or effect of an instrument or obligation; 
 a person 
 a person in the position of Mr. Garde. 
 A person 
 (6) So far as the subjective element is concerned, whilst there is no deprivation of liberty if a person gives a valid consent to their confinement
 A person who publishes  or directly or indirectly threatens to publish
 Duty of officer to procure sample for analysis on request – (1) An officer is, on being requested in writing by a person to procure a sample of any drug and submit it for analysis
 Obstruction of officers – A person commits an offence who in any way resists  obstructs
 Payment of expenses of analysis on conviction – (1) Where a person is convicted of an offence against this Act or any regulation
 (5) A person 
 Provided that a person who has reached the retiring age for Judges shall not be precluded from appointment by reason of age. 
 A person who makes or impresses a brand or earmark on stock otherwise than in accordance with this Part is guilty of an offence. 
 Inciting to hostility – A person 
 Take it ease, said the Trønder ( a person who comes from Trøndelag), I''m sure you have enough to get by on. for the rest of your living days. 
 (2) If the Commission identifies a person in the course of making a list under subsection (1)  then after making the list the Commission shall
 (7) When a direction is made placing a child in the permanent custody of a person : 
 (b) a person , not being a medical practitioner, possessing such qualifications as it thinks sufficient for the purpose. 
 (c) any other chemical that changes the mental state and may be abused by a person to achieve that effect; 
 Duty of master of ship or aircraft – When a person on board a ship or aircraft in any harbour  port
 (3) Before making a child protection order granting custody or guardianship of a child to a person other than the Director  the Magistrate must have regard to any report given  or recommendation made
 Apple is now making a version of the iPhone 4 for Verizon''s network  according to a person who is in direct contact with Apple. 
 the registered surveyor or certified measurer and his assistants or a person authorized by the registered surveyor or certified measurer may  with as little damage as possible  trim
 A person must not  without the permission of the Board  remove any ballast  rock  stones  slate  shingle
 (2) A person who knowingly permits any spring-gun
 and the court may exempt a person from liability to make contribution  or direct that the contribution recovered from a person amounts to a complete indemnity. 
 (10) This section does not limit or affect the rights of a person in or to the proceeds of the principal insurance policy in pursuance of sections 49 to 52. 
 (i) a person dwells; or 
 A person who wilfully removes  alters  destroys  defaces or interferes with a sign
 Unauthorised opening of postal article – A person , not being: 
 "(1) No person or body, other than a person or body so authorised under the Geneva Conventions Act 2015 and the Conventions
 A person shall not  unless authorized by or under this Act or by the Commission
 a person   who had sustained damages as a result of a breach of the conditions of a contract  to ground his action in contract only
 (13) Notwithstanding anything in this section, where goods and services are, or are deemed to be, supplied to a person by any local authority under Section 11(9)
 (3) If a person 
 (2) If the Court includes upon the Bench a judge of the nationality of one of the parties, any other party may choose a person to sit as judge. 
 (c) Assigns a benefit of insurance of the goods in favour of the carrier or a person referred to in article 18. 
 Stalking a person 
 for a person to be made a defendant in a suit, the right to some relief must be alleged to exist against that person. 
 *I just got that bug in my head.... maybe Dr.B''s not a person at all? 
 Gibson South African Mercantile & Company Law 8th ed (Juta  Cape Town  1963)  p. 398: "A ''contingent creditor'' is a person towards whom  under an existing obligation
 MK was not in terms of the legislation a person with parental rights and responsibilities and was not a person with control of the child. 
 If a person wants to think racist thoughts and believe racist beliefs, that is beyond the control of others. 
 "British subject" means a person who is  or who has the status of  a British subject
 Just a Person 
 This is the law if a person digs a hole in the ground, or uncovers a hole, and does not cover it over. 
 In other words the court must not impute to a person suddenly faced with a murderous assault a mental calm and ability to reason. 
 while some give the girls the task to act out what a person with that virtue would look like  vs a person who lacks this quality. 
 which is the official declaration of the Church that a person is a saint in heaven. 
 During the night in question, after having retired to bed, he was awoken by the screaming of a person calling out his name. 
 As the Catechism of the Catholic Church puts it, "God created man a rational being, conferring on him the dignity of a person who can initiate and control his own actions." 
 that the mailing does not go to a person who has made known a desire not to receive the communication  and that the communication does not involve coercion
 (4) "Police cadet" means a person appointed to undergo training with a view to becoming a constable. 
 Built on the essential yet unstated premise that God cannot or will not hold a person morally accountable for what they do not choose  Matthew Vines asserts that "Gay people have a natural
 BUT, a person is named after the continent they are born in   ergo we are both African''s. and just so you know
 Her worth as a wife and as a person is directly affected by how much he values her. 
 If you have a larger object in the foreground – say, ooh, a person 
 It starts with the primary criterion of whether a person spent more than 183 days of the tax year in question living in the UK
 Stalking is the persistent unwanted attention and pursuit of a person either physically (e.g. following a person around on and off campus) or over the internet (social media, chat rooms). 
 A person whose gender identity matches their sex assigned at birth  and who therefore  unlike transgender people
 It''s just a matter of time, one emergency away from a person basically defaulting and being unable to pay their debt. 
 this artistic experience itself offers so much for me  not only as a person but also as a clinician, that I feel it is only natural to consider it part of my upkeep, my CPD in some ways. 
 The Father''s love incarnate is a person , and he seeks to be remembered in the gathering of friends sharing a meal at a dining table. 
 I have to appreciate the mind of a person who is able to convince investors and talent that their idea is worth exploration [see also: The Inception Review]. 
 A person usually takes one of the roles: drummer, singer/chanter, or dancer. 
 While he works on an assembly line, one of his fellow brothers has found a job as caregiver to a person with disabilities; another is a prison chaplain. 
 It causes actual physiological changes that prevent a person from functioning as they usually would. 
 That will kill a person , or make them find something that will let them not feel. 
 When well-stabilized, a person can be brought to the desired upright position. 
 A person can estimate a budget based on "objectives" (# of bedrooms  square footage
 A person spent the night before the Census in Brisbane with a friend and then walked to work in Brisbane City. 
 Now a person need to have not spend vast amounts on building around the world calls. 
 a person who is female
 "Through the advances in the investigation, I can say that it was a cowardly and brutal assassination of a person who was totally innocent, a clean man whose misfortune was to cross paths with this criminal," Corral wrote. 
 a person 
 Aimee said volunteering offers a unique opportunity to grow as a person as well as support others in their growth. 
 Migration occurs when a person changes their usual residence across a geographic boundary  regardless of citizenship or legal status
 Households with a person age 60 or older
 According to article 1(2), three conditions must be met: a person must (1) be a self-employed intermediary  (2) be contractually bound to a principal
 physical and psychological certification of a person 
 The main question will always be whether they work ''as a person in business on their own account''. 
 (a) he establishes or maintains a personal or other relationship with a person for the covert purpose of facilitating the doing of anything falling within paragraph (b) or (c); 
 Webb responded that he really wanted to see his son brought back home, said a person who heard about the exchange from Webb. 
 Manslaughter is committed if a person 
 a person adversely in the estimation of reasonable people generally." 
 A person 
 To be clear, courts can [and must] deny bail to a person 
 The identity of a person is made up from a bundle of qualities or attributes. 
 This means that immigration detention powers cannot, in general (and subject to (c) below), be used ''to protect a person from themselves'' in circumstances where removal within a reasonable time is no longer possible: AA at [40]; ASK
 "... a person to whom a reduction under the authority''s scheme has been awarded  must furnish such certificates  documents
 I like the actual beneficial facts a person provide on your reports. 
 He had a special ability akin to most Spades: the ability to magically request one secret of a person . 
 BTW, Sheraton, It just get me on my last nerve, when a person say âI have been chilling in Sheraton the whole time I was thereâ
 Also, what are the requirements of a person who wishes to cosign a lease for someone else?? may they live out of state? thanx 
 The second most likely place of occurrence for a person to be struck is at a ball field or open field. 
 In georgia by presenting pdc a person can get pay day loan in a few minutes. 
 but are usually a good deal higher than the Canada Post fee How to change a property deed after a person is deceased in riverside county. 
 I was contacted by a person who was 15 at the time of the flight. 
 While most matcha is picked and sorted by machines, the pricey versions are processed by a person individually inspecting each leaf to see if it''s fresh enough  young enough
 a person with HIV who is not taking antiretroviral therapy? 
 By: Michelle Snow, Librarian, Patient and Survivorship Education, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre Caring for a person who is ill can be overwhelming. 
 I''ve grown as a person . 
 Even if I depict the growth of a person , it is dismissed as ''just a movie.'' 
 [3] Canon B43 (1) says: ''(1) A person who is a minister or lay member of a designated Church  and who is baptised
 "That was a bit of a high-risk decision because normally you would expect a person 
 In particular, where a person has acted in an unconscionable way
 where risk assessment is undertaken by a centralised agency  and the final decision as to whether or not a person should be employed or engaged as volunteer is made by each organisation. 
 Moreover a person alleging invalidity  indeed malicious procuring
 a person take it off and on for many years. 
 a person registered under the Medical Act 1858 and I am in the actual practice of the medical profession. 
 DoJ loves procurement certificates because it gives them a person to put the squeeze on in regard to potential corporate liability. 
 Several participants in online contests run by the company in question received telephone calls from a person or persons falsely claiming to represent the company. 
 hardcore group within them that are just that into it  because they''ve made it into a very core part of who they are as a person -- their identity. 
 (b) by using electronic communications to send or supply the notice or document (as the case may be) to a person at such address as may for the time being be specified by the person for that purpose. 
 The measure must also be "foreseeable" meaning that it must be possible for a person 
 bites a person ; or 
 In a land ruled by the sword, where a person lives or dies by their wits and cunning, a samurai struggles to carve out a place in history. 
 Also remember that the sighted clairvoyant is a person , not God. 
 It feels awful a person first can''t match your pa 
 An instructor trainer (IT) is a person who is capable of training leaders to a standard where they are ready to enrol in a instructor assessment. 
 He makes some suggestions like they "both need companionship," while she realises "being without a person of the opposite sex can be pretty dismal." 
 but if associated with any of the activities of Jihad like  motivating  recruiting and training a person for Jihad  equipping him with war materials  supporting financially various Jihadi activities
 Sample Script: Baptism is the first sacrament a person receives, and we may not remember it because sometimes people receive baptism when they are a baby! 
 a person . 
 I respect Carlos Beltran as a person and as a player and would have preferred him as the bench coach. 
 Sex, sexual organs, being objectified by the male gaze, being reduced as a person to simply body parts... these were old news to me. 
 When used literally, onoma represents the verbal or written word (or words) by which a person is called or identified, as in Mt.1.21: "...and you shall call his name Jesus." 
 fell from his horse when drunk  and was found nearly eaten up by coyotes; and I can scarce find a person whom I remember. 
 It will show your ads on Google immediately when a person search for the products or services that you have to offer and attract new customers. 
 Folks don''t appreciate how important and integral a person of his talents are to the overall sound and feel to a show. 
 Some advocates claim that they can teach a highly reliable method of telling when a person is lying, but others recognize that this is not possible. 
 Maybe grieving is a mirror of that because you love a person who no longer lives. 
 You want to be a person who reflects these qualities. 
 To have complete healing a person must work to heal his or her whole self. 
 The meathod is good in assessing the progress in the fitness level of a person . 
 made known to him  that on board his vessel was a person belonging to the United States Ship Neversink; and his orders were, to have that person delivered up instanter. 
 a person , with each blow serving as a reflection of your inability to live-up to his expectations? 
 strength  wealth  knowledge  fame  or renunciation (qualities Krishna has in full)  but if a person is not kind it stands out like a huge blemish. 
 I didn''t bring it to the main leader''s attention either but, as you will no doubt note, a person 
 a person 
 We hear it said often in the Church today that ''such and such'' a person 
 It seems that such a person in life should be harsh, indefatigable, irreconcilable. 
 5.1 A person wishing to join the Society should submit his particulars to the Secretary on a prescribed form. 
 Under these circumstances, they will only make disclosures to a person or organization able to help prevent the threat. 
 (Mechanical or artificial treatments may keep a person alive when the body can''t function on its own. 
 The measures taken thus far – the rotation of customs officers, taxation of goods once a person has crossed the eastern border more than five times
 My wife is not a person who gets ''impressed'' by such, but I personally got a lot of food for thought. 
 (2) It was both desirable and practical to test by a common standard both the fairness of not telling a person the reasons for a decision affecting him and the desirability of exposing any grounds of legal challenge. 
 Some of them remember seeing a person visiting Giovanna after dark, if asked, but they are not sure they saw this person the night of the murder. 
 Coyote Oldman isn''t a person   Jo notes -- it''s a band  a "sensuous duo of flute performers
 You will learn how a person 
 Yes, it is possible for a person to overdose on valium. 
 Another reason why DHEA can be high is when a person is in the alarm phase of adrenal fatigue. 
 There needs to be under 50% at least for crying out loud so a person can make a decent paycheck. 
 When you have accepted these facts then your behaviour, so far as His commands are concerned, should be that of a person who realises that his status
 Our law provides that a person commits an offense if  with intent to unlawfully manufacture a controlled substance
 Once they took the skin off of a person , they put ever part of their body to some use for medical experiments. 
 Hillary Clinton, a person not known for her love of putting out personal information, has met the usual standard. 
 A person said they are using another kind currently, and that they learned about it on the aero-garden site. 
 The gastric sleeve procedure will help a person control their hunger and limit the amount of food they can eat at any one time. 
 And then on top of that, after the Wednesday performance by Director Comey, you had a person come and have to readjust the record, which many people have never seen before." 
 This would be a candidate for a person who needs a good housing to make a good unit from two and have lots of spare items. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the meaning of disrepute for the purposes of this policy is: Bringing a person 
 To avoid ona''as devarim, a person must dedicate his brain to filtering its output to a finer degree. 
 Commenting on this incident, Rav Shach noted how "sleeping on it" could cause a person to forget all of the feelings and emotions within him. 
 At the 9th position is a person picking the fruit of his tree. 
 It would be truly absurd for a person to negligently forfeit this unique and special opportunity. 
 Z''tl  teaches that it would appear that he should enter the Sukkah--for a Sukkah must be treated as a home  and just as a person close to home would wait until he gets home to drink  so too
 In other words, when a person intends to purchase a particular mitzvah object
 give  distribute  or deliver  marijuana or a marijuana product (1) to a person under 21 years of age; (2) to a person that is under the influence of an alcoholic beverage  inhalant
 It is very easy for a person to feel weighted down by personal failures in this area or that. 
 A person should use chachma and seichel and not put themselves into potentially harmful 
 A person who must play after Rosh Chodesh should consult a Rav (see Yalkut Yosef). 
 the largest cryptocurrency  Bloomberg reported citing a person familiar with the matter. 
 HaRav Chaim Shmuelevitz, Z''tl, explains that Chazal intentionally used the word "hanging" so that a person recognizes the state he may be in. 
 A person with malaria may experience: headache, muscle aches, diarrhea, fever, chills, vomiting, coughing, abdominal pain. 
 "Yom Kippur does not atone for the sins a person has committed against his fellow man unless one appeases one''s fellow man
 The jury in the case was chosen under the most inflammatory circumstances imaginable by a person appointed by the prosecution after the illegal removal of the registrar, who was normally charged with this duty. 
 7.1.3 A person who holds a power of attorney for your financial affairs. 
 There may be many times when a person may not realize the Hashgacha. 
 The more knowledge a person has, the easier it will be for him to solve any problem which he comes across. 
 Les was right: an autopilot allows a person to concentrate on the radar screen in fog, while it does its job in keeping a person on course. 
 He is a person who loves to explore new things and take on new challenges. 
 He took a quick glance at the ten top divine grade spirit stones in front of Huang Xiaolong, "But, there''s a person that might know." 
 a person to a disciplined force can it be said to be unwarranted. 
 A person , over 40 years of living or so, is going to see those 500 different things and feel those 12 feelings, over and over. 
 Your interview is a chance for the college to know how you are as a person . 
 However, the act does not apply to a person who has applied for admission, but who never actually enrolled in or attended the institution, and deceased persons. 
 o Threat has to be "of such a nature and made under such circumstances as to affect the mind of a person of ordinary reason and firmness, so as to influence his conduct, " 
 We need to understand that whenever a person avails of ESI  for example
 a person while on their premises. 
 A person in a yellow outfit that does not appear on the mini-map without the use of Eagle Vision is a confirmed Assassin. 
 A person with a weaker cultivation actually dared to repeatedly push his limits. 
 The book imparts to the readers the importance of resilience and how it molds a person as each storm in life passes by – no matter how hard the wind howl, the mountain cannot bow to it (Chinese proverb). 
 Know Your Rights as a Person Without Housing by ACLU Santa Cruz chapter Louden Nelson Center  301 Center St
 A person disappeared just like this! 
 If by the age of 30, a person doesn''t believe in capitalism, he or she has no brains." 
 If a person could use an Acid Sputtering spell to kill their enemy, why would they use an Elemental Storm spell instead? 
 (a) A person deprived of liberty must  in his native tongue or any other language that he understands
 Under the Equal Protection Clause, a state may not deny a person the equal protection of the laws.[ 
 A person who performs labor or furnishes material with a value of $500 or more to be used in the construction
 Lin Huang even quietly speculated that the holder of the castellan''s seal of Phantom City might be a person with a split personality. 
 Xia XinYan''s face was aghast when she was blankly looking at a person flashing up on the bone ship. 
 " A person cannot be left stateless", says Jessica Montell, Executive Director of HaMoked. 
 He was a person with 18,000,000 RMB in his hands. 
 If that was the case, how "passionate" was Xie Zhongtong as a person for her to even influence a primordial power? 
 A person that can live that long would probably already be a Godly Monarch." 
 Sometimes hate grows so large that it swallows the nicer qualities in a person . 
 Zhang Tan followed etiquette to the letter, and was proper with his words, but old man Su was a person with no fixed place of abode, so even the Kingdom''s royalty would have to treat him with courtesy. 
 How could a person know so many Great Dao? 
 (f)prevent or hinder the doing of an act by a person who is lawfully entitled to do that act; or 
 (Matt. 24:30; Acts 17:31; ; Rev. 1:7) The judgment of whether a person is a sheep or a goat will be based upon what a person did or did not do to Jesus'' brothers prior to his return in kingdom glory. 
 (a) A person 
 and more and more about exploring her character flaws  I wanted to cut to the root of her shortcomings as a person . 
 This mention of the fires of judgment on a person was only intended in a figurative sense. 
 That is, once in awhile a person has  for example  an email address at work which they cannot access at home  then they email me from work
 Exceptional circumstances could be if either you, or a person you are living with
 Along with abdominal pain, a person with diverticulitis may experience cramping, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, or a change in bowel habits. 
 It was really not easy for a person to find an occupation that he liked and was good at. 
 How do you expect to grow as a person ? 
 a person 
 The research ethics committees of the Quebec hospitals where the research is happening or a person mandated by one of them; 
 Member excludes a person by whom or in respect of whom benefits have been transferred upon termination of participation in the Pension Plan. 
 We are an ambitious, entrepreneurial and innovative charitable business working in a person centred way to meet the needs of people with disabilities and their families. 
 Someone couldn''t help but retort when he heard this fellow kick a person when he was down. 
 Jiang Chen would''ve very much liked to meet such a person . 
 How this applies to a person 
 Any written language or symbol that has been historically directed against a person because of their RRE origin will be reported. 
 No matter how fiercely a mosquito bites, it is still unable to kill a person ! 
 I agreed to take a security person because I saw the sense in having a person 
 It seemed like a case by case kinda thing but real life wasn''t usually kind enough to give a person time for complicated judgment calls. 
 The other party was just a person from Green City. 
 "The more ignorant a person , the more they emphasize on other people''s attention. 
 national origin  color  religion  age  status as a person with a disability, veteran''s status or genetic information. 
 I''d call border services I know of a person 
 A Member of the European Parliament (MEP) is a person who has been elected to the European Parliament. 
 negotiate  or effect insurance  prohibited a person from soliciting  negotiating or effecting contracts of insurance without a valid license
 Having one unsuccessful IVF round does not mean that a person will not or cannot conceive. 
 Thus, unless an invention can be identified by a person skilled in the art on the basis of the matters both described and essentially described  though not literally
 Description: Telekinesis is an alleged psychic ability allowing a person to influence a physical system without physical interaction 
 He must be a person . 
 If a person has a need that exceeds the limit, the person must document how the rest of the need will be met. 
 The world is filled with dogs who love playing fetch more than life itself, but most of them only get to play when a person is also on board. 
 A current Residence Card issued by the Home Office to a person 
 By "hypnotic effect" I meant any influence upon a person or any change in that person caused by hypnosis. 
 (FREEMAN A) Defines "intimate image" and makes it a Class A misdemeanor for a person 
 He knows me well enough, I am a person of my word  I do not make idle threats  and I act very quickly once my decision is made
 A person apparently becomes stronger, it is easier for him to produce complex sporting achievements. 
 Differential treatment shall include the direct or indirect discrimination of a person, infringement of a person or an implication to discriminate him or her. 
 They are the ideal gifts to give to a person who is normally not impressed with pricey and lavish gifts. 
 It is not possible to know each and every aspect of a person and i do not wish to know- whether he is formal or not, etc. OK- In that case, I can take back my words. 
 Traumatic loss Cruse Bereavement Care Helpful summary of the issues arising from a person dying in traumatic circumstances. 
 a person may seek access to medical assistance in dying  namely situations giving rise to requests by mature minors
 with many limiting "bodily injury" to injury  sickness or disease or death sustained by a person . 
 This can easily be utilized to discover where a person lives, works or regularly spends their time. 
 Clues that a person could be hearing impaired include the presence of hearing aids  poor pronunciation of words
 a person with disabilities – Thailand].[ 
 Once a person is able to disillusion himself  he arrives at the stage described in the Fourth Valley  the Valley of Non-Attachment
 power  or learning  that can give such conceit as the slightest little amount of spiritual knowledge; and once a person has that conceit  then he cannot take a further step
 After a person has finished his dinner, then he does everything possible to help digest it. 
 Thus a person becomes blind to his own infirmities as well as to the merits of another
 When a person takes the first step he distinguishes between right and wrong. 
 For a certain position makes it easier for the breath to reach than another, although it is not always necessary that a person must be facing one in order to receive thought-waves through breath. 
 finding that summary determination is not appropriate because outstanding factual questions remain regarding how a person of ordinary skill in the art would understand and interpret the term "portions." 
 a person to move within the machines path and not their own natural path. 
 D.C. The arbitration must be held in Layton  Utah  and the arbitrator must be a person with experience in online services operation or law. 
 a person who is not a company  partnership  corporation  association  organization  trust or estate
 on a given day  typically only one speaker is going to be brought to x campus to speak  and if it''s me it''s not going to be a person of color)  there is also a "demand side" issue
 a person whose mind is constituted largely by adequate ideas participates more fully in eternity than a person whose mind is constituted largely by inadequate ideas. 
 A person 
 Does it make sense, however, for a person to say, similarly, that she has overwhelming evidence that a proposition is false but that she believes it is true? 
 A noun is a word that names a person , animal, place, thing, or idea. 
 Is teaching something we do only after a person is converted by hearing someone preach? 
 Also the FIMITIC members should also have a person who would regularly send to the FIMITIC webmaster news about organization
 to my family and a lot of my friends  but I was not acting how a person my age should act. 
 A person who will transform his protegees with the empathy,... 
 a person But you always bang the whole gang Thank you ma''am 
 For instance, if a person wanted to know what the Bible says about "repentance"  just do a search of "repent*"
 I too received a message on my cell phone from a person by the name of Kamara from "Performance." 
 Per ICH-GCP guidelines, an impartial witness is a person who is independent of the trial  who cannot be unfairly influenced by people involved in the trial
 A person who does not die is superior to humans.) 
 Certainly, a person can be saved by reading those texts, seeing as how they -contain- God''s Word. 
 Phillips: Did it make it right to you as a person ? 
 [But as with] grass, [ a person =s flesh] withers  and its flower [i.e.
 so explain: there are 2 things - 1) Ideally  in the future we plan to profile similar species (externally)  to a person once seen  is there any similar options  and  accordingly  whether he could be wrong For example
 The challenge is to find a person which is classified as a friend and be able to connect to that peer. 
 [113] Accordingly, they themselves slew Diogenes, a person of figure  and one that had been a friend to Alexander; and accused him as having assisted the king with his advice
 For example, there was a person who burned up the Sutras he had translated. 
 When something bothered a person , they would "tell it to the stone". 
 you may notify the person contributing the sentence or a person administering the site to obtain its deletion. 
 I will not mention the names of those still living for fear of seeming to flatter, but is a person like myself to be afraid that it will be unbecoming for him to do what well became Marcus Tullius  Caius Calvus
 "Would you say a person eats to live, or does he live to eat?" 
 (from English freaky) pejorative word in Spanish meaning weirdo, usually said of a person with unusual interests and character. 
 Mohanty had allegedly hit a person on Friday night while driving in an inebriated condition. 
 Editor AKA: Film Editor A person who performs editing (in consultation with the director) on a movie. 
 [This observation is made from a person who has difficulty seeing a balance between negative and positive in most organized religion.] 
 A person can generally sell his receipt for the difference between the mint price of bullion and the market price. 
 It is because war is a watershed in the life of a nation and a person . 
 The XOEarth Honors Cartwheel is a real cartwheel (gymnastic style) given to a person for their green deeds. 
 Allen said, "What good does it do to give a person a health insurance card and then close the hospital in their neighborhood?" 
 I picked up the usage for these purposes from a person near and dear to Wong''s heart . . . a person who
 "If a person holds the Dharma Flower  His body will be extremely pure  Like that of pure vaidurya
 A person with wisdom will know what to do in any situation he encounters, without even having had to think about it. 
 And so, the owner, through negligence, lets the animal loose, and it gores and kills a person ...both the animal -AND- the owner are killed. 
 And when a person responds to God''s call, does God promise times of great success and prosperity? 
 Oh, the comfort–The inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person , ... 
 they expressed the highest regard for Chabrias  and began to consider Phocion as a person 
 When a person is accused and found guilty of fraud
 "Irresistible . . . In his second elegant period piece, Towles continues to explore the question of how a person can lead an authentic life in a time when mere survival is a feat in itself . . . Towles''s tale
 Regeneration or the new birth takes place at the moment a person trusts in Christ and not before they trust in Christ. 
 –Sheila Heti, author of How Should a Person Be? and Ticknor 
 Sometimes the more "education" a person has, the thicker is the "veneer" of personality. 
 On Saturday morning, the entire MIT community was warned: "There was a person with a long rifle and body armor in the Main Group Building of MIT." 
 The most can be seen of him was in a drawing where Kazuki first confronted Raitei-Ginji, where a person dressed similarly to Saizou''s Chinese suit was standing close to Kazuki). 
 They often have scant sympathy for people with serious addictions, believing either that a person with greater moral strength could have the force of will to break an addiction
 If a person is old enough to work and pay taxes they should have a voice in who governs them. 
 Whether a person claims to be a member of "a" faith or religious tradition or spiritual path, or whether a person claims to be a nonreligious humanist or a proclaimed atheist
 this to me is the most inhumane way to allow a person to die, especially when they ask to be fed. 
 because the only thing the first covenant/Law could do was to bring about a knowledge of sin  and condemn a person (Rom7,etc.) to death.( 
 (n.) A person whose gender is nearly impossible to work out based on their physical appearance. 
 Include a pop-up CTA before a person leaves your website with a mention of the referral program. 
 Edgar Dijkstra and others have famously claimed that a person reared on BASIC was forever damned by the experience. 
 A person 
 and of (2) what it can be expected to do for  and to a person . 
 When it strikes a person , it emits a shower of yellow sparks. 
 At this stage, a person is said to have acquired immunodeficiency syndrome  or AIDS
 It doesn''t take a person with an advanced degree in psychology to see Trump''s narcissism and lack of empathy
 Unless the time for filing has been extended, the order shall be invalid if not so filed, except that a person upon whom it is served shall not be liable for acting upon it as if it were valid without knowledge of the invalidity. 
 But, although you are a person , you are either blind, deaf or mute, or crippled. 
 If you are invested in a person when you block, both parties will do an automatic sell at the current price of their respective shares. 
 This is often the most difficult type of reframing because it requires shifting the way a person views conflict. 
 a person . 
 Mediator is a person or persons who conduct mediation. 
 I make objects that adorn and ornament a person or a place. 
 this procedure yielded a new way of understanding Primal Therapy--that during the course of Primal Therapy  a person experiences seven overlapping stages which may be summarized as Initiation  Alienation  Despair  Acceptance
 but it is "merely" extraordinarily unlikely for a clump of dirt to spontaneously reform itself into a person . 
 Jung''s shadow describes all the aspects of a person that he or she can''t face up to. 
 We actually care about him as a person , and not just because of what he might do to interfere with Harry''s plans. 
 God is not merely some supreme force but is a person , one with emotions of anger, sadness, and joy. 
 Using this love map, a person unconsciously makes note of the personal and environmental factors that facilitate the formation of an erotic bond.[ 
 feeling and perceiving  especially when clear or consistent in a person , reinforce the personality seen in people who are accommodating and harmonizers in their conflict style. 
 When a person 
 It changes a person ?s mood and sensory functions. 
 Skinner (1922) wrote that a flighty animal such as the pronghorn antelope will approach a person lying on the ground waving a red flag. 
 such as a musical composition  induce a whole complex world of experiences and feelings in a person listening to the music. 
 I''ll leave it to your imagination to come up with an answer, but remember: this is a person 
 The healthier a person is, the less likely they are to have problems. 
 If a person is interested in being a workshop participant, they must submit a position paper to the organizers of that workshop. 
 this hybrid approach is very useful when a person is in a location blocked by a building or cloud cover or bad weather. 
 "What do you think Kalamas - when non-greed (alobha) arises in a person does it arise for his benefit or for his harm?" 
 A person makes himself impure by bigotry, deceit, envy, self-exaltation, disparagement and other evil intentions. 
 a person exercising reasonable business judgment would understand to be confidential or proprietary. 
 it can make it much more challenging for people who may wish to declare a person else''s photograph or artwork work as their own. 
 a person name Zamar or Somar. 
 A person 
 The opponent he gets for the final game is however not a person to be taken lightly. 
 I don''t know if such a person ever existed, but it sure is a great way to remember the colors of the rainbow and their order! 
 What was shocking is that the quotation was repeated not by a Turkish ultra-nationalist, an Armenian hater, but from a person who sincerely denounces racism and discrimination. 
 When a person cheats, they cheat themselves and everybody who went to that university. 
 In order to make these experiments, let us suppose I am in company with a person , whom I formerly regarded without any sentiments either of friendship or enmity. 
 if he obtains such certificate  to receive and hold such driving licence as is permitted by this Act to be granted to a person holding such certificate. 
 (a) it is issued by a vehicle insurer or a vehicle guarantor to a person (in this Act referred to as the principal debtor) named therein; and 
 7. –An insured person (other than a person 
 a person when a slave and chained to an oar in a Turkish galley
 "Explaining autism to someone who is neurotypical [people who don''t have autism] is much like explaining color to a person who is color-blind," Bowes explained. 
 When a person feels compelled to – that they have no choice
 Jim had made him the headman of his establishment, and all Patusan respected and courted him as a person of much influence. 
 She took out her handkerchief, and throwing it over her face, fell into a chair, like a person overcome by her affliction. 
 The University Box Office and the Online Box Office uses the Address Verification System (AVS) to verify the address of a person claiming to own a credit card. 
 Now good looks, good qualities, youth, and liberality are the chief and most natural means of making a person agreeable in the eyes of others. 
 A person is an "active participant" when an employer contribution or forfeiture is allocated to his balance. 
 So we are not going to discuss with a person he is from the stand..., deviating from the standard way and thinking in their mental speculation. 
 threat of force  or physical obstruction to intentionally injure or intimidate a person (1) because he or she has been obtaining or providing reproductive health services
 the Mednick''s Remote Associates test [39]  Draw a Person Test [20] and Duncker''s Candle Test [13]. 
 A robot hands a medication bottle to a person . 
 We saw that at the traffic light behind us, where we had been just moments before, a car had been hit and a person had been injured. 
 Most of those commercials featured the "Sega Scream", which showed a person yelling the logo. 
 BaZi is like diagnostic method designed to understand the condition of the patient or a person , while feng shui is like a prescription used to treat the problem. 
 Relationships where they get to know you as a person as well as an artist. 
 his desire will slacken  and he will be wholeheartedly devoted to Allah  for a person endowed with reason will not desire something whose harm is great and whose benefit is small. 
 If a person dreams of flying high and lands on a certain place, he/she will receive good news that will make him/her happy. 
 Such a person , as the ideal person was Arjuna. 
 a person less than 25 years of age. 
 "TRANSLATOR" is a person highly competent in reading and writing English and other languages. 
 The best bits are when a person 
 In particular, a person who was unemployed in recent years but bought a house based on their previous salary would be badly affected. 
 encouraging a person to believe that they can do a task that in reality they cannot (a belief that they are more capable than ability warrants) 
 Everything a person could want was at the event
 You can always put a person 
 which  in broad terms  provides that where a person was entitled to a pension under an occupational pension scheme  the entitlement or right could not be assigned
 Much of the designs on the inside of this remarkable car gave a person a feeling that they were seated in an S-Class and not a C-Class. 
 It seems to me that a person who is healthy in body and mind  a member of a well-functioning community  and who is good at what he or she chooses to do
 what will be your explaination about life for a person who fedup of this world. 
 Under Section 2.4.1 of the new rules, a Person applying for a licence must: 
 A preference for risk in which a person prefers risky income over guaranteed or certain income. 
 a person with HIV is taking antiretroviral treatment and has a fully suppressed viral load (Rodger). 
 If a person requires further assistance to get onto the boat
 Being part of any wrestling federation like WWE or WCW is one of the most lavish jobs a person can have. 
 If you''ve watched SOA, you''ll remember him as the guy who tattoos a happy face on himself every time that he kills a person . 
 the best gift i got this year was from a person i painted a picture for. 
 You''ve spent the last 20 months figuring stuff out: who you are as a mom, who your kid is as a person , how to fold a Pack ''n Play (or jam it into a closet unfolded). 
 Never aim a firework at a person , pet, vehicle, house, or any structure or something flammable. 
 According to Pratt''s daughter, he was "a consumptive man, and a person much attached to Brother Pratt. 
 When testing is slow or lacking, a cough and fever are often enough for a person to get diagnosed as a Covid-19 patient, with the associated protocols for isolation. 
 He has been named a person of interest in the case, and his whereabouts have been unknown for weeks. 
 And the drinks prepared with their help can be called with certainty energetics, that is, raising the energy level of a person . 
 In addition to "a biological, adopted or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward or a child of a person standing in loco parentis  who is under 18 years of age " the Rule includes a child
 The reason Genya may seem cold is because he is obviously not a person given to rash and impulsive decisions. 
 LEWIS GREENBERG: Science demands a person to be quantitative in order to be right; at the same time
 a person that follows video news on a mobile screen will have less ''cognitive access'' to that content than will a person who follows video news on a larger screen." 
 In the material world, when a person attains a position of high authority
 ELITENNIS TENNIS ACADEMY is a high competition centre where a player can develop as a person aswell as developing his or her tactical, physical, technical and phychological qualities. 
 To take another example, I found as a priesthood leader that it was not uncommon at all to work with a person 
 This gold bar necklace is classy while still providing the safety a person with Alzheimer''s needs. 
 but limits the circumstances in which a person can be left stateless by deprivation on grounds of character.[ 
 Since 1 January 2000, German citizenship may be lost by a person 
 Final track, '' A Person with Feelings'' actually is a film soundtrack, though not to anything so mainstream as a Brad Pitt movie. 
 As an international student from Pakistan, I felt that bringing my perspective as a person of colour to the REC would be a great opportunity to help make the Crick a more accessible place for students like me. 
 The Taliban said they were also behind the academy attack in which a person dressed in police uniform mingled with cadets returning from their weekend break. 
 The snake can be subdued or controlled by charming mantras and herbs, but a person who is envious cannot be controlled by anyone. 
 Motion detector B is tripped first then A is tripped indicating a person is leaving the room. 
 A person who objects to the colour of a man''s skin is a racist (and a bloody idiot); a person who objects to a man''s conduct is not. 
 Hispanus was the Latin name given to a person from Hispania (modern day Spain) during Roman rule. read more 
 as a person , to make sure I''m still keeping my spirits up high." 
 The burden or inconvenience on a caregiver, friends, or family of a person will not be given much weight by the court. 
 after she helped a person around the corner. 
 In order to determine if taking the medicine hydroxychloroquine can prevent a person with exposure to the coronavirus from becoming ill or in reducing the severity of illness
 Remember that whatever outcome your application has is in no way a reflection of who you are as a person . 
 Would it have to do with insurance ? I found the following in the CARs : 406.31 No flight training unit that is a person 
 When we talk about "brain" and "operator," these terms imply a person . 
 Through Jesus, a person can have a relationship with the loving and powerful God. 
 especially with victimized women  there''s a dehumanizing aspect  so I wanted to keep hold of Turtle as a person who is making the decisions, and I wanted that to feel true and exact. 
 From here, you can choose a person or pet, see places or things, or even browse by category, like screenshots, selfies, and videos. 
 A small house-sized tent, large enough to fit 681 kilograms of cannabis and have room for a person . 
 As a result, contaminated fish, including mercury and lead, eventually enter the body of a person who eats such fish. 
 Being 14 is a pivotal point in a female''s development, she says, one where a person is both a girl and a woman. 
 I don''t look at the Governor as a person with the authority to erase the Constitution when he sees fit. 
 I believe that if a person had experienced some kind of threat  some kind of shock that had created an unforeseen fear
 It is also hard for prison staff who don''t always know a person really well, especially if someone has a particular trigger for behaviour. 
 Vedic knowledge is possible to be understood by a person who has got unflinching faith in the bona fide guru. 
 Not having much of this element could make a person emotionally unstable -- even regarding emotion as a nuisance -- unnecessary in one''s life. 
 Remember that spending less time putting makeup makes a person more beautiful. 
 However, a person with knowledge of the settlements told Fox that the $450,000 figure is "too high and inaccurate." 
 And under anyone''s definition, Jesus was a person of extensive range. 
 Such a person is particularly easy prey for modern sectarian movements of our times appearing in a neo-orthodox guise
 Marson comes to the North Bay Food Bank as a person already established as a family face in the community. 
 It only takes a pair of shoes, and the will of a person ready to step out door on many mornings you don''t feel up to it for 20 weeks straight. 
 From this it is easier to control the weight, because a person after eating fat for a long time does not feel hungry. 
 When it comes to sex, everyone seems to have strong feelings and opinions about who a person should be and what they should (shouldn''t) do. 
 "An example is if a person is working for a corporation, and the corporation wants to reduce missed work due to illness. 
 a person purchasing the aircraft was unsure of whether the aircraft was encumbered or not
 When a person is vaccinated against the flu
 · a person with severe allergies to all currently available vaccines 
 a person with an intellectual disability or ASD. 37% report a one-time minimal cost of less than $500. 
 they really to a person said to me: please, do something to stop gun violence. 
 There is a distinction and a person would need to prove that speech incites directs acts of hatred and violence. 
 a person think? 
 And when ye do not discern God''s testimony in a person , he will verily fail in manifesting the power of Truth; and God is sufficient to deal with him. 
 The idea goes that when a person buys a beer from the Festival Club (This Is Not Art main hangout) for a dollar more they receive a comic to read. 
 To communicate by letters sent and received; to hold intercourse with a person at a distance by sending and receiving letters. 
 Just saying, that if a person can find a starter shed and can make it come to their home, a person can start their vegetables. 
 Imagine a Person By Blue | October 30, 2017 | Comments Off on Imagine a Person Imagine a person imagining a person Homage to Ken Feit Imagine a person: could be young, could be old, could be very of either, or both. 
 Witness: a person who witnessed an occurrence or is informed of an occurrence by the principal party or responding party. 
 By spending an action focusing on a person , the Ahroun can learn the permanent and temporary Rage that said person possesses. 
 Given the low cost of buying a mobile phone and cheap tarrif, it is possible for a person living on Rs. 20 a day or less to own and use a mobile phone. 
 UK law enforcement can now obtain an order against a person 
 9.3 Promptly upon receipt by a person or entity entitled to indemnification under Sections 9.1 or 9.2 (for purposes of this Section 9.3
 A tale of temptation, it asks what price a person is willing to pay, how far he is willing to go, to obtain power. 
 In this SCIE video, a specialist nurse describes the kind of holistic assessment that is used to support a person at the end of life. 
 At your arrival you find a person of our staff, that show you tha apartment and give you all the information you can need. 
 Bhubaneswar: Commissionerate Police on Tuesday arrested a person for allegedly blackmailing a businessman after secretly recording his ''intimate moments'' on camera. 
 This is a good thing as a bow can be built to exactly fit a person and allow them to pull into ''the wall'' which helps create a crisp release and a repeatable draw length. 
 An ongoing timeline of computer technology in the form of blog posts by Sinclair Target (that''s a person , not a timeslipping transatlantic company merger). 
 Question: How does a person in your position support yourself? 
 Personality Number and the Life Journey Number of a person . 
 or are unlikely or unable to protect  the child or young person from that harm; ""young person"" means a person who has attained 14 years but is under 18 years of age." 
 The perpetually incomplete search for self and home is ultimately at the heart of this book: along with being a person with disabilities  the poet-speaker identifies as a Diaspora-Jew
 Back to my trusty dictionary: "Pirate... 3. a person who uses or appropriates literary, artistic or other work of someone else illicitly. 4. 
 After all, a person who stops eating grains, sugar and legumes will naturally take in less carbohydrate than before. 
 The only problem is that for a person to mod and then fix their phone, they would have to sift through hundreds and hundreds of posts over lots of pages. 
 We should not ignore the fact that banks write off loans in the case of bankruptcy and insolvency of a person or a business. 
 Cyclist or a person 
 Each are beneficial either used alone or in conjunction to help a person overcome their addiction. 
40 Hey guys regardless of what you think of them as a person , could you at least use the right pronouns for sarcasmosaur. 
 a person sets up two meals in two directions
 Creating a sharp division between the private and the public spheres allowed a person to be both a Jew and a citizen – just not at the same time. 
 nomadic living, I think makes a person belong to the land rather than having land belong to them. 
 In the London Olympics 2012 a person was doing a dive. 
 If you have not traveled to China or have not been in contact with a person known or suspected to have the illness, there is no reason to be concerned at this time. 
 "Would the technology necessary to implement this be the sort of technology a person would carry around with them concealed? 
 On average, a person buys 9 "new to them" cars in their lifetime. 
 These are believed to help a person leave their previous life behind and to enter successfully into their new one. 
 The term Suryavanshi refers to a person belonging to Suryvansha dynasty. - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suryavansha 150511 
 "As just a person ," he whispered to her, "with a normal job. 
 during Sabbatical Years: Chagigah 3b Giving the Paupers'' Tithe to a person who has 200 Zuz in property, but can''t liquidate it: Bava Kama 7a-7b 
 Situations where an actual or perceived conflict of interest exists pose a risk to IWDA that a person will make  or be perceived to be making a decision based on  or affected by  these influences
 Pious people are considered above Judges: Moed Katan 17a At what distance a person 
 I''ve had to find out through all sorts of back channels that NOAA has a person 
 In other words, when a person practices gentle physical exercise, he uses chi kung techniques. 
 Have you a note of anything going to a person named Holmes?" 
 an owner/manager of a general aviation airport  a flight school owner or faculty member  a person with expertise in land use matters. 
 In order to overcome the emotions that plague a person and fulfill the emotions that one needs, God has provided the answer in the book of Philippians. 
 parents/caregivers of a person with a disability, who may also be persons with a disability 
 Humanity is like a person in a leaky boat who spends most of his time bailing out the water coming in. 
 As breathing is perfectly under the control of the will, a person would  on finding such a strange attempt being made on him in the public street  instantly hold his breath
 Just over a year ago I gave this award for the first time to a person with early-onset Alzheimer''s, Diana Friel McGowin. 
 A news presenter (also known as newsreader, newscaster, anchorman or anchorwoman, news anchor or simply anchor) is a person who presents a news show on television, radio or the Internet. 
 If doubts by set tests of faith prove justified and put a person in impossible dilemmas (such as that between knowledge and faith or head and heart)
 An instrument is like a person , and your repairman is like your doctor. 
 When a person works in a balanced way with consideration  that person thinks
 But if you are a person who likes to experiment the styles then it would be a better choice for you to try out mens leather suits. 
 Every font is designed by a person . 
 Do not ask how we manage to do this, but we love to squabble among ourselves, but yet try to stop a person from believing as they would is a cardinal sin that we will not tolerate. 
 Circumstances sometimes do not allow for providing an advanced warning of problems which pop up problems which take a person completely out of the picture, funnies and all. 
 To be a sinner does not mean that a person is a murderer  or a thief  but someone that does ANY sin (James 2:9 10; like stealing  cursing  rebelling  hating
 A person desperately needs Jesus Christ, because without Him, there is no other way to God (John 14:6). 
 A person with diabetes can face direct costs for medication and supplies ranging from $1,000 to $15,000 a year 
 Would you think a person other than a servant of US government (possibly through CIA activities) would be issued visa and such invitations? 
 Put another way, mystics believe that Reality has intentions (as if it was a person ) and that sufficiently evolved people are both one with, and informed by, this intentional cosmos/god thing. 
 Can a person breaks off from his karmic cycle? 
 Add a penalty period if a person has typed a wrong password more than - say - 10 times - of something like 1 hour. 
 since the local context is the direct source of education from which a person acquires his interaction experiences in life. 
 What is needed for this test is a person to live right nearby and manage the tree. 
 assign  convey  or transfer any of Lessor''s right or interest in any Equipment Schedule to a person who is  or who Lessee advises Lessor is  a competitor of Lessee  or to a person that is  or who Lessee advises Lessor is
 A person 
 A person of course
 These types of events devalue a person to the level of merchandise and involves a comparison of the relative value of each person being auctioned. 
 EXAMPLE: i) A person looking to buy a home offers the seller $5,000 less than the listed price. 
 Does this happen in other areas, I wonder?) He was promptly followed by a person handing out copies of "Freedom," of course, though he had a fun time nonetheless. 
 like with real full-sized crawling and trail driving  where there''s actually a person 
 Your amazing informative guidelines means a great deal a person like me and additionally to my office workers. 
 From what we learn about his career as a human being, he seems to be a person who has been reared under varying religious environment. 
 Dual Diagnosis Support Kit Dual diagnosis is when a person is affected by both mental illness and substance misuse. 
 When you hear the soundtrack of this video, does this man sound like a person born and raised in the town of Faridkot in Okara District of Pakistan''s Punjab province? 
 Write like a person not like AI. 
 A school district has an option to hire a person on a Kansas Waiver if they can not find a qualified candidate for the position. 
 If a person waits until a funeral to ask questions about God  God''s going to come out looking like a cruel
 And then there is no sick leave, if a person is sick, he must die at work. 
 Section 21a-190a (7) "Paid solicitor" means a person who for compensation
 a person with tinnitus in order to find the brain networks responsible. 
 Jackie: Do you choose all your hair and fashion choices, or do you have a person that''s in charge of that...? 
 A person might  indeed  be mistaken for a bush in a forest  if they are stand very still in suitable clothing
 I''ve often wondered what one is and whether it is really possible to train a person to observe better than someone else. 
 Section 53.026 (a) is revised to simply state: " A person 
 Putting weight upon the narrow shoulders Of one who had enough inside To cause confusion as life grew colder; We left a person with nowhere to hide. 
 Physical Abuse: Physical abuse includes direct harm against a person   their child  pet or property and includes hitting  slapping  punching  choking  being thrown against a wall
 however–Section 7(1)(g) as it applies to commercial or financial information that would cause competitive harm to a person or business if released–is one that is very familiar to those of us who work with FOIA. 
 Intentionally touches a person under 16 years of age in a lewd or lascivious manner; or 2. 
 I''m a person who likes and enjoys working in any area such as movies, animations, advertisements. 
 Is it always discriminatory if a person is treated differently because of a protected characteristic under the Code? 
 A person can be convicted without demonstrating that they intended to transmit HIV
 Any person who should encounter a person demonstrating an illness should report this to the TCC Police immediately. 
 On the other hand, saying "I care a lot about what religion a person belongs to if it''s the WRONG religion!" 
 Through gentle movement, Feldenkrais lessons help facilitate lasting changes in how a person moves and feels. 
 I''ve seen a lot of organizations where they give a title to a person that''s a director of VP Finance  but really they''re just a glorified Controller
 According to Baksht, even though the character has severe hearing loss, a person never stops hearing completely. 
 Earlier, when a person was leaving the company, his account was blocked and manually deleted from all contact lists, groups, settings. 
 We call a person "honest," and then we ask "why has he behaved so honestly today?" 
 there are signs that many Greeks are blaming those directly responsible for the current crisis and not believing a person like IMF head Christine Lagarde
 But as a person , I rather Nagato Yuki. 
 Doctors should not diagnose Lyme disease simply if a person has been bitten by a tick but has no other symptoms, the draft guidance also says. 
 [viii] That is, a person 
 Additional members to assist the AEC to function effectively – Institutions should appoint to the AEC a person responsible for the routine care of animals within the institution. 
 A person who fails to understand others, their feelings and their actions will fail to get ahead in his relationships. 
 The level of caregiving one provides can vary from occasional monitoring of how a person is doing to full-time, round-the-clock care for a bed-bound or home-bound individual. 
 This is a person who does not know they are deities, and just thinks they''re posing as deities. 
 A person is eligible for a hardship exemption for at least the month before
 The so-called lynching or lynching, that is, the massacre of the crowd over a suspect in the Commission of a crime by a person without trial, were previously common in the United States. 
 Then it''s creating a journey map or a day in the life of a person ; and then  throughout the UX track
 ? "Legal aid provider" means a person employed to provide legal advice and assistance or legal representation in a public defender office
 In such cases, a person that can help the victim the most is Tampa car accident lawyer. 
 A person could really do destruction to your muscle tissue. 
 The second type may occur in the caring of a person with a range of physical and intellectual disabilities, as well as mental illness. 
 This reporting obligation does not apply if the act was committed by a person whose conduct is a clear and direct manifestation of mental retardation, physical disability or mental disability. 
 IMHA provision recognises the potential need for continuity of advocacy when a person no longer qualifies for IMHA, or when there is a transition between services on the basis of age or other factors. 
 Ask for someone buy So you''ve given great free content but now a person want your checklist to take activity and purchase something. 
 Choosing the right key words is the most important thing that a person can do in order to properly maximize their visibility and search engines results. 
 If a person is going to join up and post for the first time, this is the way to do it. 
 a person individual spot. 
 You will have the best accomplishment if you use just a person fell swoop to get hold of as many viewers as doable. 
 That''s probably not a person I would have liked working with. 
 Flatboy: A person may declare that a Pollock or a Warhol is a ''good" work of art without having any experiential knowledge at all - in fact
 not as a purposeless work of art  but as an intermediary between a person and a spiritual entity. 
 Khalid has a hard time expressing himself, which is very common for a person with autism. 
 For the government to force such a person to register would be a violation of his First Amendment right to freedom of religion. 
 Alternative suggestions are that the Director shall be a person other than the Commonwealth Surveyor-General  but that he may  or may not
 Habeas corpus: A legal process according to which a person who believes himself to be illegally detained may petition a court to request his release. 
 As a person he was quiet and reserved but loved the outdoors, walking and swimming. 
 a person living alone I was hoping to learn more about the Health Sciences Unfortunately  on the face of it
 "It''s very important that we understand what differentiates a person who responds to [immunotherapy] versus someone who doesn''t " says graduate student Kim Nguyen
 of course  because both his brother and sister were strong in the State Department)  you produce a person (called Allen Dulles) who is a missionary  a diplomat  a financier
 A person in a trance like state becomes oblivious to his surroundings and himself. 
 It wasn''t unlikely that a person would beborn with one spelling, married with another, and buried with yet another. 
 I like Youth Insights because it helps me grow as a person . 
 What can one expect from a person that openly advocate
 How a person expresses his Anger depends on:- 
 (3) Whatever is written on the Internet is immortal, and irrespective of whether the information about a person is later proved to be 
 A person is passed over for a promotion for which he or she has applied. 
 If a person hooks up with another person, it means that they usually do something together. 
 It is the same case with reading the Qur''an, a person who recites perfectly and without error earns blessings  but a person who struggles and reads with difficulty
 These are also used when a person is attracted to an opportunity that seems shiny and promising, but is way too blind to see the risks! 
 Marvel Froemming in the Math Department was a person who directly impacted and inspired me. 
 During the workshops, every time a person (particularly a young person) mentioned the term "same sex attraction" to describe their experience
 Almonds should be consumed as per the digestive strength of a person . 
 Did I see a person or was my mind going? 
 Unlike a person , it''s astrally aware. 
 When I grow closer to a person , I end up becoming them it seems. 
 I''m only a person who grew up as an indoctrinated Catholic whose faith had already evolved out of the mythic-membership stage. 
 The same rules apply for things, so you use ser to describe a table in the same way you would a person : 
 If a person who funds their own care is living in a care home in a different local authority area to their original ''home'' area
 For a person with a body surface area of 1.93 m2
 One only could justify his act––I reasoned out as a child––as a person who had chickens and wanted to get organic eggs, as they call them today in Canada. 
 who  having been duly authorized in writing by the Anti-Terrorism Council has taken custody of a person charged with or suspected of the crime of terrorism or the crime of conspiracy to commit terrorism shall
 The accused or a person 
 You say, "I do not have the feelings and interests which society tells me a person of my sex ought to have
 Sleeping well makes a person look well-rested. 
 Meaning: A person who became an adult around the year 2000. 
 but his bullies are laughable in how extreme they are  and not enough context is given to who Will is as a person at this stage to make him work as a lead in the way Lyra was introduced. 
 There are two kinds of wills that God has for a person - His general, all encompassing will for people everywhere; and His specific will for each individual. 
 Upon first glance, it may seem that there''s a distinction between the specifically listed items and anything a person can physically possesses. 
 a person of colour, and you need to employ more people from non-white backgrounds) but is far less qualified than the other. 
 Facebook or Slack group is a great way to share ideas and thoughts from wherever a person may be. 
 The necessity for a person to endure in time can also be seen from an analysis of what it is to be a rational agent. 
 which means that a non-taxpayer who wants to recover the tax deducted will need to reclaim it from HMRC  while a person liable for tax at more than basic rate will need to declare the interest to HMRC and pay the extra tax due. 
 A person wants to be silent. 
 "Achieving a trade certificate is very important because it''s a recognition of the knowledge a person holds. 
 and each person''s conditioning and metabolism varies tooo For a person in peak fitness calories burned during exercise will be different than a person who lives a sedentary
 One judges a person by the totality of his/her life. 
 including whether you can apply for a Court order to have the property vested in a person entitled to the property or a person whom the Court decides appropriate. 
 following macroscopic screening by a person who lacks medical training. 
 a person is vaccinated. 
 deterioration of a person , and even national weakness and decadence. 
 Q1: When does the concealed carry law go into effect (i.e., when can a person legally carry a concealed weapon in Wisconsin)? 
 Meaning: a person who adds steam in a sauna by throwing water on the hot stones 
 The message I heard from the church was that this was the worst thing a person could be. 
 Hearing about the offer, definitely a person is impatient for the details. 
 Nor do I think it right that a person can end up receiving more compensation for a delayed aeroplane flight as opposed to an injury. 
 Woman living in West Scotland, PhD student ''As a person affected by leprosy [living in Scotland  but originally from India]
 He sounds extremely cool and perfect for you and I am so glad you found a person to share your awesome self with. 
 That was a person you would want on your side. 
 Music can play a key part in reaching a person with dementia in the later stages and be a great source of comfort and calming. 
 Yet, after a series of back and forths between you and (someone that (I, a person of color, presume) is (also) a person of color 
 Basically, through all these processes we are able to distinguish whether a person is a true Buddhist or not. 
 How can we tell if a person is a true or false prophet? 
 Alternately, I have read where a person 
 The university in general creates a friendly and personal atmosphere- you are definitely a person and not a number when studying. 
 A person who was present at the meeting said he was joking  but The New York Times  which first reported the incident on Friday
 Such a person understands all the people and is very much involved with them; he is close to the masses and loves them. 
 a person has a name that matches his face, he is more likely to win votes if he''s a politician, and gain approval in general. 
 Someone from Edmonton can sound more like someone from Calgary than like a person raised on a nearby farm. 
 In the Dagara tradition, here is how we would use such a person : If there is something unsettling happening in the village the people will go to such a person''s grave and say
 The Virtual Dementia Tour is the only scientifically and medically proven way of giving a person with a healthy brain the experience of what dementia might be like. 
 A routine change, bereavement or other circumstances meaning a person or pet who they normally spend time with isn''t around. 
 Your identifying details can only be released to a person conceived from your donation who is 18 or over. 
 Before the first sleep period, a person may only be able to describe the general characteristics of the incident. 
 It is one thing when a person stops eating because their body is shutting down
 Council member Isabel Piedmont-Smith suggested the mayor appoint a person to be in charge of the plan. 
 Consequently, to receive uniQure DRs, a person must hold AMT shares on the Distribution Record Date. 
 Conclusion Planning for the future of households in which there is a person 
 The loss of a parent will be a devastating experience for the majority of people, but to avoid the additional losses a person with intellectual disabilities may encounter, increased social integration is essential. 
 So how can a person 
 Employment becomes a human rights issue when discrimination on ethnic, religious, and some other grounds prevents a person from finding a job. 
 Cause was an overloaded dryer. 9:45 p.m. A person was reported as possibly smoking Read More 
 Other people can affect it, it really has very little to do with who you are as a person . 
 11.31.27-28: A person who with faith engages in chanting the glories of these various pastimes and incarnations of ViSNu  the Lord of lords
 If a person agrees to be subjected to a particular form of coercion  then  as a rule
 Others seem to look at her as a sister, a colleague, a friend, a person of faith and excellence. 
 However, a person at a higher stage should not condemn another who is at a lower stage. 
 I still don''t see how a person without specialised access can "report and produce news" with any consistencey or credibility. 
 My wonderings through the themes and patterns in this blog are the wonderings of a person following a body''s desire to share what feels good. 
 The field as it stands is horrible enough to almost make a person wonder whatever happened to Scott Walker. 
 This will give us a better understanding of the true window of time in which a person can be infectious and will better inform our public health responses to the epidemic. 
 iv) Annex A Person Specification. 
 When we attempt to dialogue with or debate a person spreading a half-truth, we often find ourselves arguing on his or her own ground. 
 Note • A user is a person mandated to register projects on behalf of the Employer e.g. Employees  Agents
 but this police officer was doing his job trying to subdue an out of control mob and a person resisting arrest. 
 I ask you to talk to the part of yourself that tells you that you are worth less as a person if you don''t achieve. 
 Presently we heard them give tongue, and hurrying forward, we saw a person issuing from the thick brushwood, accompanied by the two dogs. 
 A truly cutting-edge person in the industry is not all a person with luxurious clothes and exquisite life. 
 A crisis forces a person to draw on his inner strength and shrug off apathy and complacence. 
 Unfortunately, a person trying hard not to be noticed like Aerie was tends to stand out. 
 A person who had also been involved in the attempts to find millionaire adventurer Steve Fossett
 She wondered if he was under a spell or how well could one explain such a sudden change in a person ? 
 A person debarred for multiple offenses means a person debarred for two or more offenses described in section 306(a) or (b)(2). 
 I felt like I''d be a person here rather than a number in a seat." 
 Schleicher, the prosecutor, wondered if she would blame a person who doesn''t comply with police for injuries resulting from a police encounter. 
 Sexual assault occurs when a person performs or compels another person to perform any sexual act or to have any form of sexual contact without consent. 
 I ask my neuro why since i have so few, he told me that it was a good question. his answer is its not how many a person has, it is actually where they are located. 
 You win a Person Purposely (John 4:4) 
 It''s also possible that the condition a person is taking baclofen for gets a bit worse over time, so a higher dose is need to manage the increase in symptoms. 
 Labels (a word or phrase used to describe a person or group) and designations (a name  label  or description given to something or somebody) are synonymous
 (c) The sum of persons receiving services under each item group will be greater than for all Better Access items because a person may receive services from more than one item group. 
 You are a person and the staff get to know you and treat you as such. 
 Before a person is approved as a regulatory food safety auditor  he or she must meet specific minimum criteria
 I feel I understand the pathway or trial work period but if a person 
 Under s. 75(8) of the School Act: A board may, in accordance with any terms and conditions specified by the board, permit a person who is older than school age (a) to attend an educational program
 The county treats keeping exotic animals as a land use issue rather than a question of whether a person is qualified to keep the animals. 
 a person with a disability to be covered or protected by the legislation. 
 MBS Item 10960 physiotherapy health service provided by a physiotherapist to a person 
 explains the requirement for a person 
 a person appointed under section 199F network infrastructure means the provision of roads and other transport  water
 "The requirement that a person 
 A person may find ''confrontational'' situations  for example  or some of them
 on an English landowner Agnes MacDonnell in 1894  his capture  and his escape to America; a person 
 A high IQ can, however, help a person to figure out in a purely intellectuafal fashion and memorise which social rules other people operate by. 
 Lord Kerr''s test was criticised by Lord Toulson as being logically inconsistent, [79] with, inter alia, a person threatened with shooting owed a duty of care
 And I''ll finally greet A person who''s dumb, just like I. 
 is another great character study by the actor into what possesses a person to torment and kill innocent people. 
 Ryan Reynolds grippingly explored the ethical dilemma of what entitles a person to live an extended  healthy and alluring lifestyle in his new sci-fi action film  ''Self/less
 And most minimum wage jobs won''t keep full-time employees (40 hrs every week), which implies that if a person incomes minimal wage only averages 30 hours per week, شقق للبيع بالاسكندرية the average monthly revenue is about $870. 
 There are a few transaction choices such as credit card, Bitcoin, and much more for a person and yes it gives a risk-free financial transaction. 
 a person who has received legal aid; and 
 While section 940B exempts a person providing financial services from having to provide an FSG where there is ''no reasonable opportunity''
 (A carbon footprint refers to the estimated emissions of planet-warming greenhouse gases that are caused by a person or organization as a result of all of their activities, ranging from travel to consumption of food.) 
 polymath (Greek: πολυμαθής, polymathēs, "having learned much") is a person 
 A person leaves for a *better* job, which may or may not mean it offers higher pay. 
 For a shock, try asking a few of them some fundamental stats questions that a person 
 Hindi Shayari is such a word that a person can tell everything about himself. 
 This story is told by a person and she is the protagonist. 
 DNA Legal is looking for a person with current or previous medical-related career  Police Officer or Phlebotomist looking to join a dynamic company
 This is a really big amount and can solve almost any financial problems that a person may have. 
 Is she even a person , in this discussion? 
 It is so refreshing to see a person running for president that is a" real Christian " not a fake
 A New Leaf Mentor works with an individual to develop an action plan identifying the skills and goals that a person has. 
 so it doesn''t bother to check if a person is uploading multiple rides for the same course at the same time. 
 A person standing  for example  at Event B would know the ''future'' of those standing at Event A
 Thus a person can purchase NHU''s that represent an average over the country, or in a particular area. 
 When a person dies, for any reason, there is no longer another chance. 
 The virus had mutated to a deadly form, capable of killing a person in less than 24 hours! 
 But I was referred to a person at EG&G to drop off my resume to; that''s where I was interviewed; though the job is COMPLETELY unrelated to EG&G. 
 Even though a person files bankruptcy, that doesn''t even mean that they aren''t repaying their debts. 
 This is the distance in which a person can speak from a microphone and amplify their voice to the whole room. 
 a person to be affected by a genetic disorder. 
 It often expresses whether a person who has presented a sacrifice is acceptable to God (2 Sam 24:22-23; with negative, Jeremiah 14:10-12). 
 a person than anyone else. 
 Personal Care Attendant (PCA): A personal care attendant (PCA) is a person who is recruited and hired directly by an individual with a disability  or their surrogates
 ROSS is constructed on effective actions that take into account the biomechanical features of a person , keeping in mind how each person differs. 
 Give a person credit and praise for every great idea (even if it started out as yours). 4. 
 Newspapers almost always write, incorrectly, that this means there is only 1 chance in 7000 that a person other than the suspect left the semen. 
 It''s not often a person can boast of this feat. 
 So, you have to hear from a person who is dhéra. 
 In this world also, if a person acquires some money by murdering someone, the family is not hanged, although its members are sinfully contaminated. 
 Without memory, a person could not have the sense of continuity even to know whose he or she was. 
 O celebrity in verse, no less a person than sage Paraashara! 
 He was very strong and believed that if a person works under stress, worries much, lives in anxiety and fear , his health breaks down. 
 It appears more effective when a person first cools down, and then, in a more constructive or assertive manner, confronts the person to settle their dispute. 
 and Archippus their son -- as this was the normal order of greeting when one addressed a person and his family. 
 Of course, olive oil is very healthy for a person as well. 
 "Oh my Lord," I prayed, "something very good happened; you showed me that I am a person of great worth. 
 A construct is an unobservable trait or characteristic of a person , such as intelligence, learning style, personality, or anxiety. 
 What makes a person "explode" and do shocking acts of violence? 
 W. Minc is not a person , at least not one that we''ve met. 
 A person who lives there attains liberation. 
 To a Mason such as Donald Lacy, being a Methodist Minister is merely a superficial quality which happens to a person , just like whether they should be born an Englishman or an African or what name his parents should give him. 
 A person who thinks Våndävana is different from Navadvépa and Çré Çré Rädhä-Kåñëa are different from the Supreme Lord
 Sparshana Pareeksha Includes checking the pulse (Nadi Pareeksha), Palpitation, Percussion and Auscultation of a person . 
 She is a breast cancer surviver, and about as warm of a person as I had ever met. 
 (a) Yes, NRIs and PIOs can freely acquire immovable property by way of gift either from i. a person resident in India or ii. an NRI or iii. a PIO. 
 It tells us what items a person has shared, how many people are sharing and how many page "Hits" we have got as a result of the sharing. 
 a person from pain. 
 Vincent Dean: My nature experience shows me that I am a person who gets a good feeling when I1m at the beach at night with on one is there   got a fire going and just relaxing 
 (2) Notwithstanding ORS 135.881 to 135.901, a person 
 But, however said, at any time, or in any location, it is of great value to think about the qualities in a person that underlie living life well. 
 The USDA revised the pyramid in 2005 to expand the number of food groups to six and included a person walking up steps to represent the need for exercise to complement nutritional input. 
 And if a person is offering content solely to make money, then it just might become obvious to the readers too. 
 I have come to realize I am too impatient of a person for seeds. 
 As a person with a masters in public health
 A person 
 She was 20.49 a person plus 15% gratutities. 
 Attempts to help or back up a person dealing with preconscious material, needs accurate empathy too. 
 If there be a person , however, in that boat, he will bawl out to him to haul out of the way. 
 Nef acts on the CD4 count, the CD4/CD8 ratio and as Nef represents 85% of the mRNA of a person infected with HIV-1 cell  on the other hand is a "superantigen" (which amplifies 10 000 times the action of the virus)
 Basically a song writer is a person who writes music and lyrics for songs and a person responsible for writing music is a composer. 
 A person in a struggle should not depend on supporters. 
 an entity can be a person , organization or device). 
 A person in the open air should have a reading of zero cotinine in their system. 
 a person 
 he found that different sets of factors were associated with satisfied and with dissatisfaction that is  a person 
 She seemed to have been the only one to have noticed anything; the other people were going about around as usual, and a person waiting behind her seemed to be getting impatient. 
 I see a person growing ''into'' her face, finally beginning the process of filling it out. 
 They have put a large amount of development on hold until they found a person they could trust to do it with them. 
 A question that often arises when a person starts contemplating divorce is "What impact will the current economy have on me if I''m divorced?" 
 C. After a person shares what they thought and felt during their solo
 It was during that summer when I met Pete, that I met a person that would not only become a great customer, but more importantly a great friend. 
 But, once fear is out of the way a person is just as apt to destroy as create. 
 While areobically a person may be able to handle the longer run, the body needs time to adjust and become accustomed to the pounding. 
 Fatigue can often cause a person to stub a toe and fall. 
 Mentoring is Giving a Person a Passion of Following his own Way If we say that each great person has had a great teacher (mentor)
 ... At first, then, instead of asking what religion is I should prefer to ask what characterizes the aspirations of a person who gives me the impression of being religious: a person who is religiously enlightened appears to me to be one who has
 This came in loud and clear during another aha! moment of mine: A person addicted to alcohol and crystal meth was about to drive long-distance with his high-strung girlfriend
 Opening my mailbox to anything that is not a bill is so thrilling to me; and it is so much more special when it comes from a person who has taken their time to dedicate it to me. 
 All a person can do in this life is to gather around him his integrity  his imagination
 When a disciple approaches a person who is well-versed in the scriptures and is firmly established in Brahman, he will attain knowledge of the Self (15). 
 Do you know that there are various types of headaches that are caused in a person ? 
 Indeed, the tendency of the American mind seems to be very strongly against the enforcement of any rule which requires a person to flee when assailed. 
 So you don''t believe that a person can change? 
 Interpreter: a person who translates what someone (or in my case, some animal) is communicating from one language to another. 
 The daily completed cycle of the flows in these energy lines must be achieved to allow a person to live a healthy life. 
 naturally endowed with the right of self-defense  you have now been transformed into a person who needs to do more inner work in order to sort out your problems  as well as a perpetrator
 Not clear whether the last word means the season, or whether it is "Winter"–the name of a person .) 
 We had been prone to assume that, given enough knowledge about a subject, a person would do something about it when the need arose. 
 By accessing the type, I can determine if they are changing from a person type to a group type, and vice versa. 
 Cottle reminds us that when we turn away from a person seeking our gaze we may be making life easier for ourselves at the moment, but we may leave monsters in our wake. 
 The pigeonholing fallacy is generally seen in assigning a person , organization, or concept into a category that doesn''t fit. 
 As tension increases, it represents a person who died by sorting My hero  my grandfather  I have a lot of memories about my hero  my grandfather
 and sometimes he or she learns or gets mentored; sometimes a person leads, sometimes he or she follows. 
 a person cannot motivate themselves to use them. 
 This "different perspective" and the kind of freedom it will create can only be experienced by a person who has moved beyond the limiting ideas of scarcity consciousness. 
 Membership in an ethnic group is a static construct, while the ways in which a person identifies with a particular group is more dynamic and changing (Phinney, 1992). 
 And, according to the mentor himself, a new Richard emerged from the relationship, as well, more interesting as a person and broader in scope. 
 If a person alters your password to login to any account
 You''re right, a person dedicated to the task of handling money is very likely unnecessary. 
 For example, a person 
 Individual product names and order numbers that a person would need to use when ordering data products from the project are given where applicable. 
 " A person 
 It does focus on what a person is doing wrong and what he/she need to change. 
 In addition to plain old lurking, other giveaways include a person moving when the target moves  communicating when the target moves  avoiding eye contact with the target
 There is considerable difference between not understanding why a person behaves, or feels the way they do, and dismissing their fears as irrational. 
 A person may not take smelts with a dip net unless that dip net meets the requirements under section 10001, subsection 12-A. 
 A person may  if necessary  leave an unregistered deer or bear in the woods for more than 12 hours
 For example, a person aged 45  who put $4 000 into a traditional IRA this year so far  can either put $2 000 more into this traditional IRA
 To procure death records in West Virginia, a person has to furnish quite a lot of information such as the deceased''s name  the date  and place of death
 or elaborate CO2-emitting lures (bed bugs are attracted to the breathing pattern a person produces while they sleep), work best when a tenant already sees signs that they might have an infestation. 
 One should understand that a mortgage broker is a person 
 plus corkage  plus the midnight buffet we wanted  it would have cost ~$65 a person - I told them our budget was $45 a person 
 A person 
 Why should a person assume that going to a dinner includes alcohol and that anything outside of alcohol is condescending and puritanical. 
 Identify the qualities a person must have to be a good friend  and develop those ideas with specific examples and support
 A conveyancing solicitor is a person who is authorized and regulated and understand the law relating to transportation. 
 It is cast on a person , so the character is accompanied by a radius of silence if it moves. 
 41][42] Allergy to PEG is usually discovered after a person has been diagnosed with an allergy to an increasing number of seemingly unrelated products
 A person 
 There''s nothing funnier than a person who thinks of themself as intelligent to misuse words quite consistenly. 
 I know of a person who is selling this card second hand  it would be a good deal if it works so I''d like some feed back; if it worked
 however  a person cannot be charged criminal for not consenting to a warrantless blood sample. 
 if dark ''identity''  something I try to bring to my website/blog so visitors get a taste of me as a person /author. 
 A person with irritable bowel syndrome may need long-term treatment for pain flare-ups. 
 He''s an important part of what you would like to have as a person in the locker room." 
 One, last week, involved a person who was charged with several counts of rape. 
 A person with diabetes has a lot of glucose in their bloodstream, so his or her HbA1c level will be high. 
 If massive bleeding occurs, a person may need to be put on a ventilator to protect their airway and prevent blood from going down into the lungs. 
 NMH causes a dramatic drop in blood pressure when a person stands up, for even as few as 10 minutes. 
 A person may act with impulsive childlike silliness and be unable to perform goal-directed behavior. 
 Deciding whether a person needs antibiotics, and which antibiotics are appropriate 
 and many viewers have raised concerns over the disturbing depiction of violence toward a person of color, especially in light of the protests against systemic racism and police brutality against Black people. 
 "Nothing connects with a person quite like Truth in their heart language," he wrote. 
 A person touches  swipes or taps their phone hundreds of times a day  Straub said  adding
 What are some nuances to training a person to effectively operate a Swiss-type lathe? 
 You are either a person who loves that kind of shop, or you hate this kind of shop. 
 (3) A person must not be on a roadway to solicit a ride, employment or business from an occupant of a vehicle. 
 If a person is Protestant and believed in faith only salvation  I beg them to listen to this short homily
 By a natural transition, therefore, this chapter deals with a real bailee, i.e., a person with whom an article is deposited. 
 A person cannot tell the difference until he receives a true witness. 
 though he prefers the Anishinaabe word ogitchida  which he translates as "big heart– a person who has love of the people and the land." 
 Sourball: As well as referring to a round, sour piece of candy, this can informally refer to a person who has a tendency to be grumpy and/or pessimistic. 
 If a disease has an R0 of 18, a person who has the disease will transmit it to an average of 18 other people
 And through this, I''ve grown as a person . 
 It is important for a person to consider the mode of payment that is offered. 
 Abu Huraira reported that a person came to Allah
 Under ch. 784, Stats., any individual who believes that a person has usurped
 Islam means the readiness of a person to take orders from God and to follow them Much as I hate to be in agreement with a man who craves the love of a good horse
 For example, speech recognition devices use HMMs to predict the words a person said (to the device
 Then somebody at the local church started to feel unwell – a person who eventually tested positive for coronavirus. 
 I have nothing against the man and I know "stupidity" isn''t a disability  but hey if a person   irrelevant to his or her background sustains an injury which renders them disabled then yes they should be entitled
 and when you don? to understand them you need to ask for clarification before a person make a deposit. 
 • Cold Shock: A person has one minute to adjust to the cold shock response. 
 and is able not only to justify most Particulars of our Narrative  But also is a person very fitt & necessary to be examined to divers particulars in the generall & personall Grievances. 
 A person still has to polish the concepts generated by the AI, but it''s a step in the right direction. 
 A person named for the duty is responsible for developing internal safety. 
 In downtown, a person 
 How would you convince a person who doesn''t have food to eat or job to work? 
 (2) Satisfactory proof that a person needs assistance with cognition shall include a statement from a person licensed to practice the healing arts in any state
 I don''t have a rational understanding of how a person can block the pain - I only know that it can be done - I have lived it. 
 It would be impossible for two people to write the same but I found two that were the same, a person from a past life who was reincarnated in this life. 
 If a transfer is made by one person on the dependent side of a relationship of trust and confidence to a person in whom trust has been placed. 
 Daɬa ("–") takes a subject that can be conceived of as having a horizontal orientation, like a river or a person lying down. 
 "The social work profession is about understanding the way systems work, either inside of a person or a family or a community," Ona explains. 
 The goal of an Astronist is to Become One with The Cosmos, a condition called astrosis in which a person 
 Perhaps one of the folks who are against capital punishment could explain to us the ''value'' of keeping such a person alive with the goal of releasing him back into the community! 
 The lantern in the court was not lit, and there was not a person to be seen anywhere. 
 Why is it easy to target a person, blame a person, even cheat and hurt a person . 
 "network" means two or more stations operated by a person and used or intended to be used in communication with one another; 
 (2) In accordance with section 58 of the Act, a person shall not send, by post– 
 (5) A person 
 convenience stores offer a small  yet varied selection of items that a person might need including snacks, medicine, candy and specialty drinks. 
 If a person is sharing this info with an outside source, they are in serious violation of ethics. 
 In addition to protecting a person from unlawful searches and seizures
 Joinder of a person as an interested party ought not to have been as stringent as the joinder of a person as a defendant. 
 Relevant Provisions of the Law Mental Health Act, Chapter 248 Section 2; Person suffering from mental disorder Means a person 
 "Once a person believed in Christ, he was entirely and eternally secure. 
 To obtain salvation a person must be born again, i.e., born spiritually. 
 A person 
 At a conference on service to the elderly, I met a person being trained as a bereavement counselor. 
 Sargon of Akkad was such a person . 
 Full age; legal age; the age at which, by law, a person is entitled to the management of his own affairs and to the enjoyment of civil rights. 
 In fact, a person who sincerely advises people  seeking goodness for them
 When adding a person who already has a person page on WeRelate to a list of children on a family page
 We expect a tent and a person to come into view  but as we draw closer there is only the abandoned canoe
 Emotion is what allows a person to determine what is important; logic does not dictate that life  love
 Weren''t we lucky to have a person like that who cared that much. 
 The Second Death: Because death has to do with separation from God, a person can be dead physically and dead spiritually, yet fully conscious and eventually become separated forever from God. 
 Initial reports indicated that a person and dog were possibly still inside the home. 
 The Indians believe that hair contains information, that the history of a person is contained within their hair. 
 From Figure 11, we see that a PERSON document has two attributes: a person_id which must be unique (ID #REQUIRED) and sex. 
 The total amount of points a person gained separated the participants into three categories: low
 Corpses are horrible, not merely because they are corrupting by the minute, but because they once were a person –they once had a personality, perhaps that of someone we knew and loved. 
 He''s mature enough as a person 
 An addiction can be any kind of a physical or psychological dependence that a person turns to in order to avoid feelings or situations that have become too painful or overwhelming for them to face. 
 "Many people tacitly assume that when a person experiences an adverse drug reaction  he or she can and will simply stop taking the medication
 If this is not the case, then would a person believing in this stuff be committing Bid''ah? 
 Such a person lacks mental peace and satisfaction
 What do you make of a person 
 If a person tries to grip the hand of a paralyzed arm, he cannot, but muscular effort will manifest in some part of his body. 
 On the other hand, a person who has a negative self-portrait suffers from feelings of inferiority and shame so that he lives a dark and gloomy life. 
 And those who had not usually knew a person or family who had. 
 upon revocation of parole  any time that a person had spent on parole after the coming into force of this provision  that is after 15 October 1977
 Income is crucial in the existence of a person . 
 China Post Savings Bank is also promoting the use of digital RMB, and so far a person called Yu Yiming
 The criterion for dullness (for me) is that a simple bot could play such a game much better than a person . 
 A person who makes this claim must provide evidence, and he will never be able do so. 
 If known, a person may not comprehend it. 
 Breakthrough infections are defined as a positive test in a person who has been fully vaccinated. 
 " " A person acts willfully if he acts intentionally and purposely and with the intent to do something the law forbids  that is
 The admonition, kept alive by tradition even to this day, comes from this incident: the old people say, " A person should not question or abuse dogs. 
 I personally don''t see the great value of attractiveness, except insofar as it helps get a person laid. 
 How do we do this when our perceptions of a person come very quickly and easily and our emotions get in the way? 
 These do not directly relate to the effect on a person "looking out" from the damages eye. 
 "If there is no Islamic text about the recitation of some Soorahs or verses, then it is not permissible for a person to recite them while believing that reciting these particular Soorahs or verses is a Sunnah." 
 If a person takes the Shahaadah (testimony of fatith)  then he becomes a Muslim
 An-Nawawi said, "If a person 
 209 - First order questions are asked with a person in mind, and the answerer has to respond with a person satisfying that question. 
 At the beginning of the video, there''s a shot of a person dancing where it shows only her feet spinning in slow-mo... 
 "If a person sees what he likes and fears to envy someone (or something) or to strike someone (or something) with an evil eye
 If I found such a person who happened to be 18, I wouldn''t be so concerned. 
 No on amending Section 2.02 of the Charter of the City of Joplin, which would reduce the time a person 
 Finally, there are employee profiles - a nice and simple way for a person to present themselves. 
 Abandoning the prayer because of not believing in its obligation takes a person out of the fold of Islam  without any difference of opinion among the scholars
 If a person finds nothing to respect in himself  or in a group he identifies with
 whom I mostly remember for having said "If the fetus is a person , how come it looks like a boiled shrimp." 
 Appropriate; belonging to a person and to him only. ... 4. 
 There''s no reason a person can''t make the median income (or greater) while doing something awesome and non-evil. 
 Harder when there''s a person waiting for you to show up. 
 criolla)  a person of Spanish descent born in the New World; (3) Indio (fem. india)  a person 
 Depreciated value is how much a person would be willing to pay for your car after you have put miles and some wear and tear on it. 
 In many ways, save one, if I described him out loud I think, wow, someone made a person for me. 
 in a certain way  can put a person down as efficiently as a bullet. 
 Demons either push a person or they hold a person back. 
 A person who has had their inheritance removed has been "disinherited" 
 Investigators are reportedly using a cellphone photo that a person on the ground received from a passenger before the accident as evidence. 
 A person has a myriad of investment vehicles to choose from to achieve financial security. 
 Like any loving parent, Johnny wants his daughter to grow up as a person through the game. 
 Having just some hemoglobin C and normal hemoglobin, a person will usually not have any symptoms of anemia, but can develop anemia and eye and hip complications later in life. 
 So it makes sense when people want to identify like I''m autistic, it''s just who I am as a person . 
 If they''re smart, they tailor it to the individual: figure out an algorithm for how many times a person attempts to open an article per month, and then get them to run out in about the second week. 
 I''m pleased to say I haven''t seen a person younger than me get 1 great on Midnite Blaze (in person at least). 
 It''s unfair when a person pays for a seat just to have part of someone else''s ass sticking over or under the armrest! 
 since there is now a person doing that for you. 
 "There are several different scams going on out there, most of them aimed at sending a person money and asking they send part of it back," Gibson said. 
 Such exposure eventually inures a person to the environment which eventually becomes easier and easier to decipher. 
 • Transmission drops by at least 30% after a person has one dose of a vaccine, a new study suggests. 
 Songbirds can age out of the capacity to learn a tutor song just like a person can age out of the capacity to learn to speak French fluently." 
brain leg etc ? However for the doctors to of managed her vitals somewhat crashing   is amazing . The possibility of a person with any significant tumor load  having a reaction to some degree 
 yet another involved in registering body parts and even several involved in trying to deduce what a person is really thinking. 
 Can you share a local story about a person or family you helped; or could have helped if they had just known about your mission? 
 A person has to pre book his Windows 10 operating system with Microsoft and it will remain free for 1 year. 
 other than the occasional allergic reaction  the emotional and physical strain they put on a person makes them dangerous. 
 A person 
 They somehow learn how that a person is late on his mortgage payment  and then
 two viewpoints  two emotions  two persons  or hesitation within one person  tension is born inside a person and/or between them. 
 I marveled that a person against whom I''d stated a complaint had responded not with a defense but a concession and a full apology. 
 a person , is 30%. 
 The evidence, the description was given as the colour of a person . 
 A competency model, therefore, "provides a clear description of what a person needs to know and be able to do – the knowledge  skills  and abilities – to perform well in a specific job  occupation
 a person dies intestate
 PRF is A person   non-person living subject
 The authorities are clear, as the judge stated at the outset12 in reliance on Snell''s principles of Equity13, that a person 
 Reid will work out for the Titans on Friday, a person familiar with Reid''s visit told The Associated Press. 
 This means that the next time a person discovers that they have a wart that is hard to get rid of
 Ramirez also provided investigators with the names of others who she said could corroborate her account, according to a person familiar with her questioning. 
 Unless a person is extraordinarily familiar with all the rest of Holy Scripture
 This reflective state can thrust a person to a level that sometimes we simply cannot handle. 
 A person who forges a signature on an absent voter ballot application is guilty of a felony. 
 Like domain squatting, this is when a person 
 For a person to determine the place value of a non-decimal number: Place a 1 under the digit you are working with. 
 In the Uniform Law these terms apply to a person admitted as a lawyer in a participating jurisdiction and to a person admitted in non-participating jurisdictions. 
 Garden lights make the sidewalk clear of any obstacles that a person may encounter on the way. 
 I really wish it will help a person together with your buying and selling inside a good method. 
 professor of physics and complex systems  used a ranking algorithm based on the number of messages a person receives and the desirability of the senders. 
 As long as a person knows how to handle it, there''s nothing wrong with new parents disagreeing with in-laws. 
 B6  niacin  vitamin B12 and the minerals magnesium and zinc can stabilize a person with methylation defects. 
 An esthetician is a person who is also popularly famous by the name of racialist. 
 But as a person , he''s a bit of a mystery. 
 the Scarlet Witch  introducing the multiverse and relocating the X-Men to the MCU - it''s the story of Wanda Maximoff  a person drowning in a sea of grief, taking an entire town with her as she spirals. 
 Hearing loss is the condition in which a person cannot detect the sound frequencies which can be heard by normal people. 
 a person with a right to compel the company to issue shares to him, he had no standing to seek such orders. 
 Engage in pursuits that will better you as a person and focus on things that matter a lot to you. 
 I''m trying to figure out how to tell this without giving too much away because there was a person who was blind who was using Yahoo Fantasy Sports in a very famous group of people. 
 they discriminate  they contain punishment and many more. for a person to manifest proper love or any higher frequency  (in positive sense)
 (2) If the law is to attribute possession of land to a person who can establish no paper possession
 A person flying in an airplane at 35
 it is cheap marketing tactics  or they say that it adds no meaningful info or that whoever is posting a P/L window is a person that is not modest or has an ego trip, etc. 
 In a video posted by fractallane, a person holding the windowpane slowly turns the image revealing the many vibrant hues contained in the glass. 
 Perhaps the most frightening stat of all, a person with ADHD is three times as likely to die before the age of 45. 
 For example, if a person weighs 210 pounds and is 5 foot nine inches tall
 "Traveling Companion" means a person whose name appears with the Insured''s on the same Trip arrangement and who  during the entire trip
 A person 
 The third issue before the Court concerns the procedures by which a person can challenge their designation. 
 a person or endorse one''s name as such others do. 
 If a person was so inclined, could they instead use the subframe for an oil tank and plumb that into the system? 
 Promote and support a person 
 Shooting a person who pretends to have a bomb is "acceptable." 
 A person working at a university can expect a salary that ranges between $60,000 and $150,000. 
 A person 
 In Hong Kong, a chicken-adapted virus had jumped directly to a person . 
 The normality and regularity of digestive system have an effect on the overall health of a person . 
 You can consider a person to become your customer if he/she has clicked on your ad. 
 Each gene has the potential for mutation–the more mutations a person 
 You won''t have to have a person on your payroll for Flash Lite development and can hire such developers at hourly
 Sometimes, a person may also experience herpes sores on top of the eyelids. 
 "fattaqa abdun rabbah wa nasaha nafsahu, wa qaddama tawbatuhu, ghalaba shahwata "therefore a person   you know  he should pay attention  fear his lord be an adviser to himself  you know
 If a person has this condition they are known as a synesthete and they can usually taste words or see sounds. 
 but the opposition''s objection is nevertheless understandable  then it could very well be wrong to punish a person who genuinely conscientiously objects to the policy or act and refuses to comply with it. 
 A person also must be alert enough to notice the rectal sensation and do something about it. 
 It''s a vintage types of a person made monster run awry. 
 In the brief footage alone, Winstead excels in delivering the hard-hitting action only a person with nothing to lose can deliver on her enemies. 
 The Court noted that the primary rule is that a person 
 I also knew I had really good opportunities and that it would let me grow as a person . 
 Gandhi accepted the argument that birth alone cannot determine the Varna of a person and quotes the words of Yuddhistira in the Vanaparva of Mahabharata: "Truth  charity  forgiveness  good conduct
 Although I mailed feathers to a person who wanted to have a new variety approved by APA, the recipients could not see the colors. 
 A person 
 However, that does not mean that those are the only things a person can do when they wish to avoid having a baby. 
 I don''t think that there could be a person with a more love/hate relationship with writing than I have it. 
 Self-reflection is most effective when a person uses a journal and writes down one''s thoughts. 
 Wedding – is just a grouped household union between a female and a person , which can be registered in territorial figures of state enrollment of acts of civil status. 
 I suggest to habracoders to make a chip when a person is minus - indicate the reason "for what". 
 Online a person may find about a million such providers. 
 While pregnant with Rainbow, Madison shared, "Truthfully, being pregnant is changing me as a person . 
 Whether one is self employed or working in an organization, whether a person is a medical doctor or a car salesman or an insurance sales person a lot of importance would be attached to his word. 
 Once a person reaches any stage  There is a possibility of reaching the next stage
 Because if they start paying attention to what Eivor is doing in the main plot, it can drive a person to madness. 
 "Fern Hill" 3. allusion: A casual reference in literature to a person , place, event, or another passage of 
 [62] No doubt a suggestion to the effect that the police could direct the DPP ''not to charge'' or ''to charge'' a person would be met with an immediate frown of disapproval. 
 (1)A creditor may make demand on a person for payment of a debt owed by that person to him. 
 The legislated penalties [7] (a) The maximum sentence which may be imposed on a person convicted of aggravated burglary is life imprisonment
 Basically, research is a methodical approach to any topic a person wishes to know more about, and it helps to provide supporting details to the writing 
 they all have one thing in common: they progressively rob a person not only of the ability to function but also of basic dignity, and it is up to those who love her just to keep loving her. 
 In addition to this we are looking for a person who is experienced in management, supervision and delivery of research outputs. 
 The social processes that lead to stigma cause unhealthy stress, which – in turn – can make a person even sicker. 
 However, the second definition, " a person who campaigns vigorously for political  social  or religious change; a campaigner
 I feel like this will help focus a person in their regular life, as well as help a PT with their time management. 
 Nature will always in a person''s life, it is everywhere, it is lush, fresh, and lively, but a person usually does not connect with nature on more than a, "Wow that is a beautiful flower, level. 
 Moreover, such a person likes to live around natural places such as waterside or forests. 
 above all  the goal is that we come to think "am I talking to a person or a machine?" 
 "Christianity is not something a person 
 the note said  insisting that confession is "the one real antidote to evil" because it is the place where a person can abandon him- or herself to God and repent. 
 On June 12, a person 
 There is no harm if a person belonging to one varna acquires the knowledge or science and art specialised in by persons belonging to other varnas. 
 Social Status in Persuasion and The Importance of Being Earnest Social status refers to a person ''s position or importance within a society. 
 Therefore, many people are probably wondering if having THC in one''s system during a drug test would disqualify a person for any particular job. 
 To mention just a few of the proposals, it suggests that a person with a low score be restricted in their ability to receive government subsidies or support. 
 Clause 48 of the Bill excludes any liability for any act or omission done by a person when good faith is involved. 
 The implication that it is possible for a human being not to be a person reveals an underlying dualist anthropology that fails to recognize the inherent value of bodily life. 
 An ex-army man has been arrested for allegedly killing a person and injuring another in North-East Delhi on November 30. 
 THE TEA PARTY IS AN OPEN, FORUM FOR EVERY CITIZEN AND LEGAL RESIDENT, NO MATTER A PERSON RACE OR SPIRITUAL STANDING. 
 There is also no provision in the rules which indicates whether or not a person who wishes to bring a hybrid claim is debarred from obtaining leave. 
 daughter  husband  parent  son  or friend helping a person whom they care about. 
 which – I don''t care how important you think a person is – you should never do unless the title is immediately preceding the president''s name. 
 According to a friend from school, Bradley Manning was always a person who lived by principle and confronted wrong when he saw it. 
 A person expects to pay more for the bigger productions. 
 [14] It is not disputed that the respondent is a person charged with a criminal offence to whom the subsection refers. 
 [35] Where a person files an entry of appearance in opposition to an applicant''s claim for a declaration  followed by a written claim
 After seeing an earlier posting ''Knights of the Realm'', [on the Nostalgia Board] - I had a visit to the Library from a person who told me about an ancestor of theirs who was knighted and who had been a famous Detective. 
 a person on site. 
 As ammo purchases would not require a background check, a person with an illegal gun will still be able to buy as much bullets as he/she could carry. 
 a favorite pillow  or the scent of aromatherapy oils just may help the medical staff see mom as a person and not just a problem to solve. 
 a person to maybe take his wallet and keys and suggesting they call the police if they see these vaguely described people. 
 & you love him  is not going to be boring at all. you could watch paint dry with such a person & not be bored... 
 We should not allow a person to hang up the phone or leave our facility without giving them some real help. 
 With a simple name one can dismiss everything a person says, or conversely, a positive name can lift up a person everything does. 
 Used to recruit members to a cult or ideology by having a group of individuals cut off a person 
 I consider an empath to be a person who can feel others'' emotions, know things without rational reasons, be aware of energy and spiritual presences, etc. 
 1921)  a practicing lawyer  editor of journal Mahavir (till 1928) and also a person who was very religious and spiritual, his religiosity often spilling into his politics. 
 rather than understanding what a person feels about sex is more complicated than what happens when you lick a nipple. 
 Zeke: So when a movie says, "Here''s a person who does horrible things, but he''s a good guy deep down," that really bothers me. 
 Only if a person experiences worsening- he/she is to be admitted to a hospital. 
 Subsection (6) provides- " A person 
 There could also be regulation on how much a person can play. 
 The flier, which was obtained by The New York Times, featured a clip-art drawing of a person standing on two dice. 
 a person 
 A person who works from home on or in connection with a covered contract is considered a covered contractor employee
 As a result, a person with CF will have thick mucus affecting several glands in the body. 
 a person 
 Article 3 of the American Convention provides that "Every person has the right to recognition as a person before the law." 
 a person may speak on during a meeting. 
 There''s also some sort of image recognition software or perhaps a person 
 A person was considered as having received formal education if s/he attended school through at least the second grade (Desta
 ... because of debts or obligations of the owner or operator, a person asserts a lien, or seeks to attach, execute against, or in any way make ... 
 a person 
 ... My experience in prison ministry tells me that the hardest time is when a person gets out of prison. 
 Some, but by no means all, of these tactics include name-calling, demonization of a person   attacking his/her human values
 Researchers have found that for every five percent increase in calories from ultra-processed foods a person ate, there was a corresponding decrease in overall cardiovascular health. 
 Housing transition services: A housing transition services provider (a person or agency) helps a person plan for, find, and move into housing. 
 Cesare (Franco Fabrizi) is an interior architect doing contract work for Clelia and is a person who gets by on the basis of personal salesmanship and social carousing. 
 They killed at least one person, Zamekile Shangase, a person who had held an elected position of leadership in one of our branches. 
 If what a person does runs contrary to his words, then trust what you see above what you hear. 
 And people were looking for a person who had no ties to government programs or agendas  and who was prepared to stir up the swamp; in many ways
 but a person didn''t know it... 
 To society at large, a person with a disability is perceived as less able, less capable and permanently dependent on others. 
 (c) A person who acts in good faith in accord with the terms of this Act  the Illinois Vehicle Code  and the AIDS Confidentiality Act
 vital sign measurement  blood type  pain scale rating  or recording of exercise activity type that a person engaged in (e.g. running, walking, swimming, etc.) are all considered observations. 
 His works include Philosophic Anthropology – Man as a Person ; Man and 
 This picture shows how real he was as a person , and yet, how much larger-than-life he ... Continue reading → 
 Would it be reasonable for a person to proceed on the theory that culpability lay in the actors involved in the accident
 That means a person tending to overreact to physical things that would go on, and reacting to them in a very negative way. 
 The offer is simple: a person in a foreign country  sometimes alleged to be in one of the old Soviet Bloc countries
 which I like in a person . 
 a person or the heirs or devisees of a person  dispose of land
 a person speaks the truth or not. 
 (renumbered from Item 11, SG No. 92/2002) representing a case of dangerous recidivism or performed by a person who has committed another intentional murder under the preceding or this article
 (New SG, No. 95/1975) (1) A person who places into an aircraft a device or substance which can destroy or damage it  making it unfit for flight
 (1) A person from the composition of a frontier duty detail
 (1) It is not a defense that a person 
 The voluntary renunciation shall mean the final discontinuation of the preparation for crime or a criminal attempt by a person of his/her own will, where that person have realized that the criminal offense may be consummated. 
 Article 297.- Insults or Threats to, or Assaults upon, a Person of Superior or Equal Rank. 
 However, the object or property may be ordered forfeit from a person to whom it has been conveyed after the commission of the offence  if  when receiving it
 (1) A person 
 a person who, for his own protection or in order to prevent threats, needs temporarily to be placed under police protection. 
 (b) a person may possess an anti-personnel mine until an officer collects  deactivates  or destroys the mine
 b) Engaging in sexual intercourse or other sexual activities with a person under 13. 
 A term of conviction shall be resumed from a moment of apprehension of a person or surrender. 
 The theme of nature sounds most significant, however, a person with his pressing and everyday problems does not stand aside: relationships  reflections on the meaning of life
 All equipment is specific and adapted and would enable a person that should otherwise live in a hospital or other institution to live at home. 
 (1) The Criminal Code is aimed to defend rights and freedoms of a person and citizen  rights of juridical persons  property  environment  public order  constitutional system
 A person needs to be responsible to be successful because it shows that they are hardworking; therefore
 ... family of procreation the family that a person ... gives meaning to life
 a person who windy – breezy. wordy – containing too writes winter – the coldest many words. wrong – incorrect
 (vi) published by or at the direction of a person whose principal business is publishing. 
 European  and a person of mixed descent. 
 The impetus of a scrappy mindset might begin when a person (insert you) has a specific goal with a specific challenge to circumvent, most likely within a certain time frame. 
 The subordinates describe servant leader like a person who trusts other people. 
 Tyrant: "A monarch or other ruler or master, who uses power to oppress his subjects; a person who exercises unlawful authority  or lawful authority in an unlawful manner; one who by taxation
 (XII) Any record indicating that a person has obtained an identifying license plate or placard for persons with disabilities under section 42-3-204  C.R.S.
 Sometimes, we sense we are experiencing a last moment, a final good-bye–for example, when a person we know is in a dying process. 
 When a person is having oral sex with an infected person, if their gums are bleeding the virus can easily enter the body. 
 A person 
 A person of lesser character with lots of personal baggage could be a great president. 
 But then "liberal" by itself without modification is already a description of a person who has inconsistent strong alliegences. 
 For such a person   simply realizing that there are reasonable reasons to believe in God
 or is afflicted with tuberculosis or with a loathsome or dangerous contagious disease  or is a person who has been convicted of
 The pronoun following a person or persons should be "who," not "that": 
 Is there really a person alive who isn''t afraid of public speaking in the first place? 
 Most riveting is a computer-enhanced segment where a person changes ethnicity and sex in rapid succession.... 
 Pipes is too influential a person   and the topics he writes about are too serious
 And as long as a person is a Muslim  even if only "moderate
 We couldn''t just go by what a person tells us, we''d have to look at the whole picture, a person''s whole background. 
 A person 
 For a person 
 Kotkin''s complaint about anti-development measures reminds me of a conversation I had 15 or 20 years ago with a person who, like Kotkin, thought that America should be open to the world and bring all of humanity here. 
 Ra you can thank Zola for including you to press home her point as to how terrible a person you BOTH think I am. 
 Like a waterfall of echoing, pounding, twin-struck surfaces, the applause spread epidemically, and not a person in the hall, save the speaker himself, was failing to give up the audible sign of approval. 
 But you wouldn''t be sleeping with a person , you''d be sleeping with the whole sad, single-person culture. 
 NOTE: A change in the law allows a person 
 And, of course, the Government can never invoke an exception, and so detain a person without criminal process
 social  intellectual and emotional factors  when a person thinks that all the different aspects of health are combined together and have an impact on each other. 
 While taking photos for this report of the residential coaches in Anaheim, I noticed a person sitting in a fork lift next to the railcars. 
 (7) a person will be in attendance with the child whenever the room is in use as a questioning facility
 Sometimes this isn''t always the case especially when a person has little to no knowledge about what causes different illnesses and disease. 
 Have a person push the tree with a pole held ten to twelve feet up the trunk. 
 Live video (synchronous) Live, 2-way interaction between a person (patient, caregiver, or clinician) and a clinician using audiovisual telecommunications technology. 
 We saw each other as more than a face, but a person with history and value. 
 A person died in my area trying to take photos on the ice forms along the lake. 
 Shakespeare emphasizes that a person cannot live forever in his bodily form, but he surely will be alive in spirit so long as the poem lives. 
 Armed robbery is described as, " A person commits the offense of armed robbery when  with intent to commit theft
 It''s the element of an email, text, landing page, ad, or Messenger window that a person would click to take a desired action. 
 The patronage or presence of a person belonging to a particular race  color  sex  sexual orientation  religion  national origin  marital status  age
 Being a person that ... 
 It was just...easier for Severus to dislike a person before she decided she didn''t like him. 
 Suppose a person is tired and wants to sleep  in such conditions the temperature of the brain is raised
 But the term unclean, in this and the following cases, is generally understood in a mere legal sense, the rendering a person unfit for sacred ordinances. 
 For example, a person may get upset ... re usually a good deal  clearer
 From the first moment of her existence, a Human being already possesses the rights of a person and that as health care providers we should greatly respect
 was very pleasing to me; for I saw in what high honor you held him  seeing you announced it to so insignificant a person as myself, for it was known how highly you esteemed your illustrious father in his lifetime. 
 If a person is caught doing such a thing I think that THEY should be flushed down to the holding tank. 
 Anti-Joyce was a person 
 He told Melanie about his quest to find a great love and she said that love was not a person but a place, a fair country that lay in a cirque inside the Last Mountains. 
 It''s important to expose yourself to the different opportunities Concordia has to offer because it will develop you as a person ! 
 The data held by the police allows them to gain quick information on a person who might have a criminal record. 
 Whosoever unjustly takes any money of the wealth of another Muslim''s wealth without a due right, Allah will meet such a person while He is indignant with him?[ 
 ... father''s death, and his mother slapping him, he got to understand himself as a person better, and matured through those experiences. ... worried about his father back home, but he showed ... his mother. 
 [Take heed of a person marked, and a widow thrice married.] - George Herbert, Jacula Prudentum 
 A person around the collision (magnet) can be injured. 
 The question was asked whether a person who already lives in Israel still embraces this call. 
 chairs  pipe & drape for the info table * There is a new clay co-op in town & they would like to have brochures and a person , Jim Laub, sit at the Info Table. 
 A person requires a chosen people just as Elohim requires a chosen people. 
 If there is such a person on this earth  that person probably knows and deeply cares for God''s ideology of the creation  God''s 6
 And both these are like a person who is drawing others to him. 
 In Spear Phishing, the evident source of the e-mail is likely to be a person within the receiver''s own organization and generally, a person who holds authority. 
 Now Ray knew that the old man and the police officer knew what they were talking about and could read a person just by looking at him. 
 " It is the act or practice of ending the life of a person either by lethal injection or the suspension of medical treatment. 
 What does the life of such a person look like? 
 The value that a person is willing to pay is then compared to the actual cost of the good or service. 
 Not all details are published here, but it contains sufficient knowledge to allow a person to fully utilise the Pillars of Destiny report for personal analysis. 
 A person who needs clothing but has a food surplus (e.g. wheat) exchanges it with a person who has a surplus of clothing but needs food. 
 Vocabulary Words: plying to work hard and constantly dolorous to cause pain or sorrow aloof when a person is reserved or stand-offish barbarous uncivilized  savage
 But what makes a person beautiful or handsome? 
 Some people think it is a pity to kill animals and eat them; but when a person has true love
 Conversing with a chatbot to collect information about a user is much more convenient than redirecting a person to a different website, page or window so they could fill out a registration form on their own. 
 Even if there is no seat for you to sit in, the food will be delighted to come into your body because you are a person of God. 
 a person heal. treatment is often focused in insight, or creating a deeper understanding of motives, beliefs, and drives. 
 Knowing when a person is ready to buy should be clear. 
 On the other hand, Brecht''s play clearly explains the human part behind the war, the struggles of people and the fears a person must face during a war. 
 "I think, like with most people, once a person decides they want to do something they want to get to it. 
 For anyone this is a pretty big responsibility, but imagine caring for a person in such a manner along with caring for one''s home and family. 
 The more a person drinks, the more their ability to make important decisions erode and becomes impaired. 
 which are used to keep track of the number of minutes and hours a person works in order to bill a client for their time. 
 It''s when a person , persons or couple really like BDSM and practice BDSM over the long haul. 
 self-hating  recovering alcoholic  who fears commitment  especially when he likes a person –or worse–the person likes him. 
 In the US, a person is 64 times more likely to be murdered than to be the victim of political terrorism. 
 dit Vendamont  had returned to his home at Lachine on the night of 9–10 July 1684 and had found his wife in bed with a person named Antoine Roy dit Desjardins. 
 If discplinary action has been issued to a person or business by a licensing board, often that information is available to the public and may be obtained online. 
 Nao is as crazy a person as you or anyone will find in this place. 
 a person or a body of persons. 
 A person who has nurtured many hearts with love cannot simply pass by, but instead is compelled to stop. 
 When a person in such a perfected form establishes a family in the heavenly world, such a foundation will keep them from falling off. 
 "Convincing a person 
 Even though it''s definitely not an easy place for a person with a physical disability to travel, I''m glad we did it. 
 a person separately it is just the normal intelligence put to use in daily life domain called emotions. 
 Everything that a person does always comes with a certain responsibility. 
 What''s a person to do to keep up happy dialog with partners  express joy to children whose intuitive capabilities are sharp
 But the indescribable miracle of witnessing a person entering this earth from the clinical perspective left me awestruck. 
 Harman may not be calculated, but he is a person who, though he may sleep in his car, knows how to find a bed when he wants one. 
 personal crisis: a person 
 Doctor in office with a drug salesperson - always needed but the only way I''ve thought to create this one is to have a person 
 (t) Shorthand reporter means a person who engages in shorthand reporting. 
 Because as they say, if you know a person so well their nakedness is not hidden to you. 
 For example, if someone is saying mean things about a person and then suddenly gives him a complement, it may be sarcasm. 
 What a person ! 
 He states that the sea is " celebrate and single,'' referring to a person . 
 In making their decisions, admissions officers need to know each prospective student as a person , not just as an artist or performer. 
 Types of services that help a person with schizophrenia include: Case management helps people access services  financial assistance
 People with that time of diagnosis ... by a doctor that was seeing her doctor''s patients for ... brought on when a person has had a ... and see closed her eyes and failed back, ... 
 When a person opens they''re mind towards the views of another they will come to peace in mind
 it is expedient  that a person (in that case ) finding no ease  after the use of all ordinary means  private and publick
 Usually a person is aware of what''s going on around them during these seizures. 
 I would recommend staying away from private companies because they charge ridiculous amounts, sometimes over 40 euro a person , but if you have the cash to spend, it''s a good option to avoid the crowds. 
 People credited with this unit standard are able to demonstrate knowledge of: ethical principles when working with a person 
 Autism has impact on social and developmental skill of a person and can pose challenges through life, academically socially and professionally. 
 A suspect is a person 
 the same average person requires about 2 liters of water per day from food 10) the above averages are based upon a person at rest 11) factors affecting the averages include: weight of the person (drink more if you are bigger)
 For instance a person who loves oral sex and has a partner, who ... 
 In fact, I have never heard of a person doing this just to smoke pot. 
 However, teaching of these subject requires a person that displays ''readiness.'' 
 The forced disappearance of a person is a terrible crime. 
 The entrepreneurial spirit can carry a person along to a sales position–but that spirit can be seriously dampened or killed in a company by strict rules
 It is measured as the maximum amount that a person is willing to pay for one more unit of the good or service. 
 If a person on the list answers, they have a week to pick it up or it goes to the next person. 
 For example, the first time a person tastes a delicious juicy piece of prime rib or a delightful hamburger with cheese and ham, his world is never the same. 
 ''It''s not just care done independently of health systems ... [but] how a person looks after themselves together with healthcare professionals,'' he said. 
 Hick''s Law claims that when there are more options, it increases the time for a person to make a decision. 
 So it''s very soft, very respectful, but it''s getting much more into them as a person , and a busy, overworked person, than a cover letter would ever, ever, do. 
 "Where there are allegations of spousal abuse or abuse of a person in a dating relationship  and there are allegations of serious injury  the D.A.  as a matter of public policy
 1g of protein per kg of body weight is adequate for most active individuals (e.g. 70g of protein for a person weighing 70kg). 
 it''s foolish to complain about too much of a good thing – too much sickly sweet fizz  on the other hand  is liable to make a person sick. 
 a person needs a court order to get that done. 
 An example can be cited like, a person passes his B. 
 ''They should also look at all the modifiable risk factors – is a person physically active? 
 Remember that your resume really is the first impression that you give a person 
 An even clearer example would be a person who chooses to go on YouTube for the express purpose of finding a video produced by a political party or a third party. 
 Another aspect of the job that is covered under the ADA is if a prospective job applicant is related o or associated with a person who has a disability. 
 Such frank language is what makes Isabel who she is, a person who takes risks, often thoughtlessly. 
 A person should also avoid editing
 These inform your leadership style and the more your team can understand you as a person , the better chance you''ll have at cultivating relationships in the workplace. 
 The request would go into the call centre, and a person with the right level of expertise would head out to assess the issue and make a decision on next steps. 
 including health professionals  to carry out acts in connection with personal care  health care  or treatment of a person who lacked capacity to consent. 
 One cannot expect a person to go for a new hosting plan for each of their domains and having a cost effective platform helps in the long run. 
 War is never a good thing, but sometimes it becomes a necessary evil, and regardless of whether or not a person thinks the war is right, they should still support our troops. 
 A "schizophrêne" is well named as a split personality--Nicole was alternately a person to whom nothing need be explained and one to whom nothing could be explained. 
 Good leadership qualities are when a person leads by example  is willing to fight out challenges
 Argentina''s economy is well diversified, so a person wouldn''t think that oil would play a big role. 
 It was funny, too, how lonesome a person could be in a crowded house. 
 One often finds that a person has already taken the steps to find a new goal in life, that this is already there in him, but he just isn''t aware of it. 
 On the other hand, religion was a fundamental choice of a person . 
 if there are any  will still hear that a person has been charged. 
 It really brings the issue to life when a person speaks to you and knows about it." 
 Creative Therapy Creative therapy as a form of therapy enables a person to work through the issues making use of art-... 
 If a construction contract requires a person to enroll in a consolidated insurance program
 There are any number of types of clothing that are flagrantly immodest but that wouldn''t mean a person can find a direct citation condemning it. 
 '' ''At Dartington,'' she went on to say, ''I found myself taken on trust as a person , instead of for a few bits of me left after censorship.'' 
 It is thus essential that a person seeking to become a better leader not become a blind disciple of a current popular management fad or leadership guru. 
 Or, at any time, clients can proactively connect with a person directly in-app. 
 "There must be an allowance and it must be a proper allowance of a person who has graduated so that many generations are not discouraged from going to school. 
 It means a person is NEW to something. 
 That makes a person very uncomfortable. 
 A person who in good faith takes  or fails to take  any action under 25 Administrative Code Chapter 40
 a person with direct knowledge of the meeting told The Associated Press on Sunday. 
 At some point you''ve got to hold people accountable and mete out punishment, else you send the message that a person is more important than core principles. 
 A pecuniary penalty may be imposed if a person proposes, applies, relies or purports to apply or rely on an unfair contract term. 
 "New member" means a person first employed on or after September 1  2005
 (a) A person commits an offense if the person recklessly causes to be delivered to another any document that simulates a summons
 A person who was interested in learning about the Catholic Faith would approach a priest
 The only option for a person 
 a person inhales from the cartridge. 
 (5) A person who, prior to the effective date of P. 
 No fee shall be charged to a person eligible for relief pursuant to this paragraph. 
 Second, since the art is to depict settlement life, make sure to have a person somewhere in your artwork. 
 "Biometric information" means fingerprints and other unique biological or physical characteristics of a person that a contributing justice agency is required or permitted by law to use for the purpose of identification. 
 Can we have all types of Non-Shia people in our lives that were here over up there, be it friends, a person we loved and wished to marry but couldn''t? 
 The article explains how a person who comes across as an evil individual generated traffic. 
 but now on the opposite side of the trip  I firmly believe that I am stronger for it  as a musician and a person . 
 a person 
 Androgynous: Gender identity of a person who does not fit cleanly into the typical gender roles of their society. 
 Being a person unfit to hold public office, this is not addressed. 
 When a person to drive legally, we need to make sure that you really need to make the most from you. 
 What is the legal exposure of a person who uses tainted fruit which is identified as tainted after reuse? 
 graduating with a major in journalism  and giving the valedictorian speech  proves that a person can win the game even when all the cards are stacked against her." 
 "Normally, anger will run its course in a person and be over in a relatively short amount of time. 
 Once the search is over, the website will provide a person with innumerous options available for renting a car in the region
 especially how people respond to the weight of being different  of not fitting in I was interested in whether a person chooses to let their sexuality define them, and if so, then how. 
 (Zulu wars cmg 1879) Imagine JTR is a person who believes that the only way to save the poor wretches of the street is to save their souls - literally. 
 -- "First, traditional Judaism maintains that a person is a Jew if his mother is a Jew, regardless of who his father is. 
 One would hope that doctors would always have a clearly understood method of indicating which side of a person is meant. 
 "But age and perspective can do a lot to a person . 
 CJ, then, was a person who would talk *with* her, not just to her. 
 inter alia  to "give (a person  etc.) the responsibility for a task . . . Commit the . . . execution of (a task) to a person . . . ".127 The word "direct" is defined  inter alia
 Like, even when a person announces they are pregnant. 
 A person who has once held an appointment as a clinical professor of law  associate clinical professor of law
 (1.1) consistency in terminology with definition 3.12 font service user: A person and/or application software that provides requests, or manages font information in a computer system or network" 
 There are several questions on quora about whether or not a person 
 A person 
 If a person issues a marriage licence or performs a marriage ceremony contrary to the Act, he or she may face the same penalties. 
 According to Mr. Boyd, the only place that could be used by a person limited to a wheelchair is in the service car. 
 When a person is left with only the necessary coverage. 
 And at the same time, I believe a person can be unholy without ever having committed a mortal sin. 
 A person 
 When a person , namely a Griot knows how to control nyama it is creative; it has the power to change. 
 closely watching his own lips  he repeated the Declaration until he could recognize on the lips of a person talking out of his range of hearing any of the words in that exercise. 
 The Coffin Dance Meme shows the Dancing Pallbearers dancing with a coffin after a person makes an epic fail which brought that person according to the meme in the coffin. 
 However, if a person repents sincerely to Allah  by giving up the sin  regretting what had happened
 SwankiVY2: Sure, there are many people...men AND women...who are interested in me not as a body, but as a PERSON ... 
 A person who makes and signs an affidavit. 
 as a person on Twitter described The Destructives. 
 Are you saying a person who is following Moses'' advice and dealing with sexual immorality in a marriage is sinning by getting a divorce? 
 When a person plays tennis, the muscles move the racket at the same time as ligaments and tendons react to the shearing forces. 
 If I had had the images of a self, images of a person , images of sentient beings, and the images of a soul, I would have become angry and indignant. 
 Common words and their meaning: ''Impression'' means the living embodiment of a person or character. 
 Previously, when a person with a disability gained entry to an event, their carer also had to pay for entry, too. 
 The doctrine of exhaustion of administrative remedies stated that a person challenging an agency decision had to first pursue the agency''s available remedies before seeking judicial review. 
 One can also be an implicit atheist: a person (e.g.
 I''m a licensed clinical social worker and certified rehabilitation counselor as well as a person with epilepsy. 
 A person who had confessed would often wish he could get the information back, but he could not recover the material. 
 "Careful madam, you must not lay hands on a person unless you intend to arrest." 
 Many people who wouldn t qualify for an typical interest rate on a condo for a person with bad credit auto loan five years ago can get one. 
 In any case, it becomes very clear rather early on in this philosophical lesson that the Mind of a person is different from the environment. 
 no matter how many Masses a person may attend, or other good things. 
 That''s why conservatives tend to be more religious, and the more conservative a person is, the more authoritarian he or she tends to view God. 
 If a suspension of rights and privileges or imposition of monetary penalties is based (i) on the failure of a Person to pay Assessments or any other amount due when due attributable to  or incurred in connection with  a Unit
 So along with having to fight for rights as a person the fight had to be for rights as a female person. 
 If an elected member vacates a position, the Executive Director shall conduct an election to elect a person to serve the unexpired term. 
 "Police are not authorized to arrest a person who they observe violating a condition of release
 you dress like a person at a baseball game  and when you''re at a Justin Timberlake show  you dress like a person at a Justin Timberlake show. 
 Valentine''s Day should make or break a person or relationship. 
 The common law paradigm of individual autonomy and self-determination to characterize the "choice" made by a person who is dependent on others for treatment and care is problematic and misleading.[ 
 There are no diagnostic tests or bio-markers to identify when a person is suffering from the disease according to the CDC, and the FDA has not approved any treatments or cures. 
 Agnostic: A person who believes that  regarding the existence of god(s)*
 A person 
 The vitra is the part of a person you ''hear'' at a Tree of Voices/Souls, because Eywa records souls. 
 Research has shown that there is a correlation between how suggestible a person is and how hypnotizeable a person is. 
 Why are you a person of faith? 
 Comparing chips to the human heart, Xi said, "No matter how big a person is, he or she can never be strong without a sound and strong heart." 
 which safeguards the "good reputation" which one enjoys  because a person is branded as "schismatic
 We are not aware of any Hadeeth which states that when a person embraces Islam  he should point with his index finger when uttering the Two Testimonies of Faith (which is to say
 A vital nutrient found in dark chocolates help a person sleep better at night. 
 Kim K as a person exists and pioneers on the boundary of the real self and the digital self. 
 On Tuesday, Bloomberg, citing a person briefed on the matter
 It can be a place, a person , a sight, a sound, or even a smell to make the scared feelings come back. 
 Many states have a one-week "waiting period," meaning that the first week a person is unemployed, they get no benefits. 
 Monday, by Julie Miller: Best Oil by a Family Member of a Person With Cancer 
 If a person living in Gorakhpur has to get good medical treatment for his/her parents, they have to come to Delhi. 
 As for listening to Quran recitation, one can listen to a person who is physically present, a radio stream, or a recorded tape. 
 I loved him as a person , as an artist, and as a teacher. 
 a person has no support system and has to fend for himself or herself in which case 
 Mark Stephens, CEO of Blackstar Capital, says: "Tim is someone with a stellar reputation in the market and a person we have grown to know and respect over a number of years. 
 a life-saving drug used if a person overdoses. 
 Some body restrictions, that are present from birth and hinder a person through their life, can block the individual''s access to their innate abilities and sense of well being. 
 Rendell on Wednesday defended his former aide, calling him as "honorable and decent and trustworthy a person as I''ve met in my 36 years in public life." 
 a person on a 2,000-calorie-per-day diet. 
 For instance, the "prior use" exception states that a person   other than the patentee  who had worked on  or made serious preparation for working on
 Hercule Poirot who is visiting an exhibition of Snuff-Boxes at Wessex House, has a chance encounter with Mr. Shaitana, a person with a bizarre taste in clothes and appearance  and
 The fewer options you give a person , the more desperate and misguided their choices can be. 
 For the case can certainly be made that the greatest evil a person can commit is to attempt to destroy a child''s innocence and though an active choice of the will
 This was right after I''d grinned at a parking attendant and told him how thrilled I was to see a person at the gate instead of a machine. 
 A person you can always count on to make lunch? 
 A place where the curious can enjoy what is quite possibly the most unique river trip a person will ever take. 
 Melanchthon and the Reformers push back against what they call an Epicurean thought that once a person is reborn, no sin of the flesh can then condemn a person. 
 The discretion is intended to be exercised to avoid injustice or hardship, but not to assist a person guilty of deliberate conduct intended to obstract or delay the course of justice (Shah v Mbogo [1967] EA 116). 
 is information given to him by a person who did not swear an affidavit and was not called as a witness. 
 2), the Attorney-General can reject a recommendation by the Commission that a person be prosecuted for corruption or economic crime. 
 a person is a member of a County Assembly is by way of election petition and not judicial review. 
 It was alleged that the 1st respondent through his agents spread malicious rumours that Camulus Obada had killed a person . 
 2013 defined an interested party to mean a person 
 a person or persons acting on behalf of or in connection with any organization. 
 In terms of shares of the Deceased member, those shares are deemed as transferred or transmitted to a person 
 b) Votes of a person whose vote was procured by bribery, treating or undue influence. 
 Epidemiological Rationale for the Topic The health of a person and the environment that they live in are two closely related subjects. 
 A person who has transmitted to the youth
 "10.52 (1) In this section, dealer means a person 
 You can be as self righteous and prejudiced as a person of faith if you think that your beliefs are superior or are absolutely right. 
 or a genetic test concludes (with at least 99% certainty) that a person is a child''s biological father  or the Court enters a default Order than a man is a child''s father
 A person   much wiser than I am  John Buckman
 By that standard, we could stop anyone from doing anything that requires a person to even move any part of their body. 
 so also providing loans of equipent that can assist or help a person is another idea. 
 In his property a person exists for the first time as reason" 
 They would often attack a person unless he was on horseback. 
 This is an unusual provision, in that "terminal illness" does not ordinarily deprive a person of the capacity "to make and communicate considered decisions"
 There is no credit time for probation, so a person ordered to do probation for 180 days, will serve the full 6 months of probation. 
 Then of what democracy are speaking these leaders who scandalise themselves without cause for the fate of a person and who when it is the question of the fate of a party  of 50 000 communists and an entire people
 "How can a person with income below the income tax exemption threshold level qualify as a middle class?" 
 Besides, it is not necessary to our school system that a person with only political associations to recommend them, should be selected. 
 Soccer Football - People mourn the death of Argentine soccer legend Diego Maradona, Naples, Italy - November 26, 2020 A person waves a Diego Maradona flag outside the Stadio San Paolo REUTERS/Yara Nardi 
 Suppose there is a person living on earth who  based on the merit of the age
 Let us discuss the value of a person who has realized the purpose of creation; that is, the value of Adam or Eve in perfection. 
 FYI, here is how we defined Activestor: A person 
 A person seeks a path that will lead him away from misery; and yet  he follows that path a little way  notices some little advance
 a person embodies. 
 Moreover, defense is considered reasonable if with the excuse of guiltless self-defense, when a person could not defend himself from mishap in any way other [than in the manner by which he defends himself  as  for example
 A person who concludes a contract in person, its rights and obligations become personally encumbers on him. 
 No. 7  that it was thought absolutely necessary that some Person should be procured to go with Lamb  to Algiers and a Person in whom the most perfect Confidence could be placed
 This is when a person really graduates from a "piece" to a "player". 
 To wrong a person was to wrong his gens; and to support, a person was to stand behind him with the entire array of his gentile kindred. 
 a person who not only hires but avails of any facility for consideration. 
 To help you understand, think about this: A person who believes that hard work is essential to achieve his goals is expected to work in order to approach success. 
 Please note: A person prohibited by the Child Protection (Prohibited Employment) Act 1998 is not eligible to apply. 
 a person may use a term or indication descriptively does not mean that such descriptive terms may be registered as trademarks. 
 Post stroke pain is a burning, pricking or tingling sensation that comes after a person has had a stroke, it is caused by a damage to some of the nerves following a stroke. 
 It details the transformation of her world as a person 
 it''s not a measure of your merit as a person 
 Nevertheless, mentally ill people could do severe damage and a victim was a person whose rights also needed protection. 
 What is the significance of a crescent that a person faces into to face Mecca? 
 He talked about his faith and wrestling background to let the audience know who he was as a person . 
 At the time, the problem wasn''t considered big enough or important enough to have a person as senior as myself working on it. 
 I''m not naive, but do believe condemning a person with nothing more than malicious gossip is wrong. 
 If the government can investigate and conclude that a single incident of speech can make a person   in this case  an elected commissioner  officially a racist
 Even if true acts of discrimination by others are not common, a person may feel stigma and get less enjoyment from life as a result. 
 robust body  the wooden Kay Bojesen elephant has Kay Bojesen already captivated many a person . 
 In some cases, the granting organization''s website may allow you to verify that a person has earned a certain title. 
 It''s interesting how Nokia''s representative at the board changed from a person 
 "What we''re saying is the very definition of a stereotype is defining a person by one bad mention " says Daniel Yi
 A psychoanalyst might tell one that when a person speaks that fast  it could mean that they aren''t confident in their words  etc. Yes
 How can a person who is working as a driver today start doing a higher value job
 FAA recordings add new information to the latest of 3 reports of a person flying in a ''jet pack'' near the approach path to LAX. 
 Thus in Gypsum we held that a person 
 When a person signed a document
 But it is altogether possible, though highly improbable, that a person might hear the gospel
 in any use we have found  NEVER clearly refers to what the term "adoption" means to us -- "the act by which a person takes a stranger into his family." 
 (c) A person may comment upon the proposed update to the statewide transportation plan by 
 (60) "physician''s assistant" means a person who is authorized to act as a physician''s assistant under AS 08.64.107 ; 
 (65) "psychologist" means a person who is licensed as a psychologist under AS 08.86; 
 a person who will use the scholarship in the state. 
 (a) A person 
 Point being that you can cut out every sexual organ a person has  and replace it with prosthetic equivalents
 (a) A person 
 (b) A person 
000 as an inducement to register a person in the list of Old Aged Pension Scheme. 
 (13) "plumber restricted PG" means a person authorized with a certificate of fitness to install fuel and gas piping within property lines of the premises; 
 (4) a person possessing a mineral interest  whether an economic or a production interest  in a producing property
 A fetus isn''t a person and these comparisons are mostly invalid because of that. 
 (e) If the obligation of a party is secured by an interest in collateral not provided by an accommodation party and a person entitled to enforce the instrument impairs the value of the interest in collateral
 a person 
 (7) employed a person who did not have a valid current license to deal in hearing aids to perform work covered by this chapter; 
 (d) A person 
 guiding  or transportation services statute or regulation committed by a person while in the course of the person''s employment for the transporter. 
 (a) Except as authorized in AS 17.30, a person commits the crime of misconduct involving a controlled substance in the fifth degree if the person 
 A person may not remove or dispose of a detained or embargoed article by sale or otherwise without this permission. 
 (c) A person 
 a person in the properties will be forfeited forever to the municipality. 
 (i) A person licensed under AS 21.75 as an attorney-in-fact
 (b) If a person 
 (a) A person 
 In his glossary he defines admi as ''a descendant of Adam, a man, a woman, a person ''; apparently he thinks Asghari is showing distinctively feminine sentiments here. 
 without a second thought about you as a person . 
 You can illustrate that a person intended to murder a victim by showing a jury the zip ties  duct tape  cleaver and paring knives
 I personally would never forgive a person that lost my dog. 
 When a person   guided only by good intentions  fails to foresee the results of his actions
 A person on a Curators'' Distinguished Professor appointment asked to assume such a position may
 As in I''m willing to believe a person can behave inappropriately because of a condition
 And I know you''re a person who says really mean shit to her daughter-in-law in public
 and when it comes out the integrity of a person can be come into question. 
 I hope you don''t think I''m a person who believes in pure vigilantism. 
 I think we''re desensitized to what a year in prison with a sex offenders social status actually does to a person . 
 To give up so much on the promise of a new life with a person , only to have them say, "Yeah, nah, I''m all right. 
 The government will claim that the defendant was a conspirator – a person who agreed with others to commit a crime, where at least one of them took a material step in furtherance of the crime. 
 That said, as a person with two cats
 What I cannot for the life of me wrap my mind around is the fact that there was apparently a person there with grandma IMPERSONATING A POLICE OFFICER and this is....not a big deal? 
 The biggest question when a person goes independent and starts working for themselves: 
 The ancient expression, ''good eye,'' referred to the inward righteous character of a person whose eye was always ''for'' other people, especially to those in need. 
 Sounds like he is dating a person with the emotional capacity of a child. 
 It is believed that the objects had been purchased from a person , who had found both objects while burying dead livestock on a farm in central Wales. 
 Remember, a person can give you up to $10,000 per year and you don''t have to report it to IRS. 
 Surely, a person has a right to know whether or not a work he or she might produce would fall within the strictures of the new provisions. 
 subsection 162(6)  which provides a penalty in the case where a request is made for a person to provide a U.S. tax information number and they decline to do so. 
 Even if your life is a mess on the outside, you are a person who has been hurt by living in this world
 His family has for many years denigrated him as a person . 
 November 24: A person   Madhu Debnath  who was injured in the November 23-explosion triggered by the ULFA at the railway station in Guwahati
 be aware of the experience of a person 
 Using this grant to have a person support that work will be a huge asset to the City. 
 employers and others who serve or employ or are substantially involved with a person with a disability. 
 There was no Rausfallschutz, moreover, the bed was not designed for a person beyond 80kg this bed can use. 
 One aspect is how you feel about a person , the other aspect is the behavior choices we make toward another person. 
 Effective from the 2020-21 income year, a new s. LY 3(2)(f) excludes the R&D tax credit rules from applying to a person who derives exempt income under any of sections CW 38 (public authorities)  CW 39 (local authorities)
 MV Swami remembered a verse which says that the chanting of the Holy names can free a person from more sins then he can committ. 
 And Yes I am a person that happens to live in a country that was "desperate to be rid of George W Bush." 
 In all traditions, the herbs chosen depend on if a person has a damp, or dry, condition, as well as other factors. 
 In a hadith – the Prophet''s saying – authenticated by Al-Bukhari, it is said: "Whoever kills a person who has a truce with the Muslims will never smell the fragrance of Paradise. 
 It is not unusual for a person to fall asleep when the mind becomes calmer and calmer. 
 A person who learns to forgive is simply saying, "Why should I die of someone else''s disease?" 
 When is a person Krsna conscious enough to preach? 
 If the supreme father is not a person , then wherefrom these personal fathers came? 
 I want to be defined as a person who was graceful and empathetic in how I dealt with other people. 
 Just an arrest for a misdemeanor lands a person in PRISON? 
 What qualifies a person as being guru is whether of not that person is advanced in spiritual realization. 
 Physical and Mental Health A. Conditions that must exist to ensure that a person 
 It is also requisite that the bees be very numerous; they should even be super-abundant, and a person might say they are aware of it: for  if the hive is thin  no royal cells are constructed when the male eggs are laid
 KELLING (participial vb.) A person searching for something
 He realized a person is not justified in God''s sight by sacrificing or doing good works. 
 It is against the law to tattoo a person under 18 (The Tattooing of Minors Act 1969). 
 A person able to decipher their meaning properly would soon be able to dispense with the written or the spoken word altogether. 
 One clue is that a person on the verge of crying experiences a marked increase in emotional sensitivity toward the behavior of others. 
 A person in the inner city who is pressured to commit crimes probably will choose, out of his free will, that type of lifestyle. 
 For example, a person makes an information claim, regardless of wether their claim is actually true or false. 
000 people in the U.S.  U.K.  and Sweden  researchers concluded  "No individual gene alone makes a person gay  lesbian or bisexual; instead  thousands of genes likely influence sexual orientation" (Live Science
 A person or object which contracts tumah is said to be tamei (Hebrew adjective, "ritually impure") 
 Thus the social and intellectual aspects of conviction interact in that one way of knowing whether to associate with a person is by listening to what that person teaches; at the same time
 but the Old Man is clearly seriously flawed as a person . 
 In October 1989, Gary Tinker a person with cerebral palsy and a resident of Pinehouse  northern Saskatchewan
 I support human rights, and generally believe that if a person is working to make their life better, but needs help, they should get it. 
 Autosomal recessive: An inheritance pattern in which a person must inherit two copies of an abnormal gene (one from each parent) in order to develop the disease. 
 These limiting factors include catatonia, amnesia, dissociative fugue, and other mental states which make a person unaware of painful reality. 
 Consider a person walking or driving through an unfamiliar town. 
 Hence sometimes Prana is spoken of as a person , a living being. 
 I flew from Perth as it was important for me as a person to meet Di and her wonderful family of humans and furbabies. 
 What are the odds a person became a Master when they were still using Clearasil? 
 In the paratelic state, a person becomes more pleasantly excited as arousal levels increase, but bored if there is a lack of stimulation. 
 Attention, attention must be finally paid to such a person --- Linda Loman  Act 1
 a person can become sinless before HaShem. 
 that a person could read or hear the prophecy and get a very clear picture of exactly what is being described. 
 emotional and genetic make up that individualizes a person . 
 "A person with big dreams is more powerful than a person with all the facts." 
 weapons deployments and general military behavior of any country with which Country D is not allied  e.g.  Country A. A person in Country B  for example
 It''s long been known that when a person thinks about or plans a movement, neurons fire in the motor cortex and create a signal called a beta oscillation. 
 When a person violates your space, the behaviour to be altered must be described very accurately and objectively. 
 In order to prevent diseases and illnesses to counter the lifestyle of a person , it is important that small symptoms be taken care of and sufficiently attended to. 
 "What bothers me is that Bob Terry admits he has a close personal relationship with a person like Gaw. 
 and to measure the character of a person . 
 a person who is being measured against the standards of criminal law." 
 I feel it was more effective in placing a person 
 UFOlogical Principle 3: If a person observing an unusual or unfamiliar object concludes that it is probably a spaceship from another world
 However, nowadays, there is hardly a person – be it a child, teenager or an adult – who can imagine his or her life without virtual hobbies. 
 Rather, a person must select a set of codes that most likely corresponds with the intent of interest. 
 When we execute a person , however, we have taken away that opportunity forever. 
 A person who experiences a night-time emission should recite the following ten psalms on the same day: Psalms 16  32  41  42  59
 Canada 411 -- When you are looking for a person or business in Canada. 
 6.18___The accessible rest room lavatory has no hot pipes or sharp surfaces underneath that could harm a person in a wheelchair. 
 Such a person will create the first printing press, the first PC, or a poem that is exceedingly beautiful as Francis Thomson did. 
 It is the unrepentant immoral activity that locks a person out of the body of Christ, or threatens to do so, in the deepest sense of "the body of Christ." 
 POTTER: Yes, that, which you stated very well, as well as the idea of being an individual, of being a person who is a free person  a self-directed person within what I call corporate feudalism  a structured
 From 2013, a person may be registered for two 3 year terms of provisional registration only, as outlined in this chart. 
 Originally, urtication was the process of deliberately stinging a person with nettles as a medical treatment  particularly with rheumatism  arthritis  paralysis and some skin disorders
 This means that a person must be judged mentally competent and in most cases be an adult. 
 which she herself begins to feel ashamed of  and becoming happier and more social as a person . 
 rather than a person who will breed any male of the same breed to their bitch in order to produce puppies. 
 For example, suppose 1 as a person is having cancer, and 0 as a person does not have cancer. 
 Besides beautiful nature and clear air Slovenia offers everything what a person that loves the nature, outdoor sports and activities could only wish for. 
 de Machaut  ca. 1300-1377'' (F40) R45 assigned to Guillaume de Machaut (F10) [assignment of an Identifier to a Person ] Assigning the controlled access point ''Univerza v Ljubljani. 
 It also has cylindrical tubing, meaning that a person could remove the main tuning slide, rotate it and replace it backward. 
 It has since become bastardized to mean a person who''s NOT that experienced or knowledgeable and probably uses a spinning reel. 
 A person 
 A person with their eyes 2 m above the ground will see the horizon at a distance of approximately 5 km. 
 When a person 
 Sloga No.5 When a person has ability to earn and make income, his relatives and others will love him much. 
 The Virgin Mary was and still remains a person of tremendous importance to Catholic Christians, particularly when juxtaposed with her son, Jesus. 
 A corporation is a separate business entity that is granted specific rights by the law and is treated similarly to a person . 
 A person with ITP has platelet count as low as 20000 or less. 
 The gait may mimic the way a person with Parkinson''s disease walks. 
 Think about aspects of education that prepare a person to be a responsible adult  a good parent  a contributing member of society
 we are much more deeply interested in his fortune than we should be in that of a person equally virtuous, but in a more humble situation. 
 Finally, there must be a person appointed whom if required can be responsible to explain and oversee the company''s CD Rom scanning policy. 
 https://twitter.com/sherryontopp/status/1457240840045096968?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw " A person of character does the right thing for right reason with right motive. 
 This might look like a person carrying some shopping and indeed that is just what it is. 
 The mobile scaffold tower was erected without suitable and sufficient measures namely guard rails to prevent a person falling a distance liable to cause injury. 
 Because there always comes a time, as Lou Reed once sang, when a person wants to say: "I''m sick of the trees/take me to the city." 
 The term may be further separated into the notions of: * Spanker: A person who enjoys spanking others. * Spankee: A person who enjoys being spanked. 
 The term may be further separated into the notions of: * Spanker: A person who enjoys spanking others. * Spankee: A person who enjoys being spanked. 
 What was Admiral Dönitz like as a person ? 
 in general  the act of throwing a pitch  especially when it''s shown in slow motion  is about the most unhealthy thing a person could do to their body. 
 A person using drugs may: Lose interest in school or work. 
 Direct Discrimination under the Act is defined as follows: A person (A) discriminates against another (B) if  because of a protected characteristic
 regardless of how much autonomy a person had
 The main purpose of having such records is to provide a complete criminal history of a person whenever needed. 
 (2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1)(b), a person 
 a person playing in
 a person , or 
 c. 196  9 F. "Employer" means a person or licensed  certified or registered provider or other entity that employs direct access workers
 "Cannabis processing facility" means a person 
 You did pleny wrong, but you were also hurt too, and I see you''re growing as a person . 
 (3) In subsection (2)(b) relevant person, in relation to a person who is required to produce a document, means a person 
 A Privacy Officer is a person within an organization whose job it is to encourage compliance with the Personal Information 
 " A person like that...can only yearn out loud for changes but fail to say what their shapes should be." 
 Code 62A-4a-403 A report is required when: A person has reason to believe that a child has been subjected to abuse or neglect. 
 a person under the age of 21 with a blood alcohol content of.02% or greater (approximately one 12 oz. beer  one 5 oz. glass of wine
 Threat x No Vulnerability x Impact = No related loss When protecting a person 
 There is no one way that a person with a spinal cord injury is supposed to feel. 
 However, any equity holding by a person 
 a person 
 15 Mortgage lending process, the process through which a person seeks or obtains a residential mortgage loan including  but not limited to  solicitation  application
 If you are a person who experienced a sports injury, don''t hesitate to contact one immediately. 
 according to a person familiar with the meeting. 
 Your risk assessment should help decide the level and amount of training a person requires. 
 (N) Premises liability commercial - all matters involving injury to a person or property allegedly resulting from a defect on the premises of a commercial property. 
 At times, a person may function as both. 
 disability  sickness  or disease sustained by a person , including death resulting from any of these at any time. 
 Some times it''s better to have a person with knowledge to steer you clear of a disaster! 
 The WHO''s previous recommendations called for treatment to be initiated when a person develops AIDS (as defined by having fewer than 200 CD4+ T cells in a microliter of blood) or an AIDS-related illness. 
 the immune system is incapable of defending the body from attack by other pathogens and a person also becomes susceptible to many opportunistic infections, which can be deadly. 
 If you kill a person , you''re in a lot of trouble. 
168and (1)(b)  (g) and (i)  (9)(a) and 164 The revocation periods for admin. per se violations are mandatory unless a person participates in the ignition interlock program (under ). 
 A person who has applied for a bighorn sheep  mountain goat
 9 fit and proper person means a person 
 What gets me is his attempt to attribute the term to a person who was dead for 2 years before the word was ever used in printed. 
 1975 the definition of ''family violence'' is ''violent  threatening or other behaviour by a person that coerces or controls a member of the person''s family, or causes the family member to be fearful''. 
 I am looking for a person who would be an attentive, hardworking and optimistic person. 
 A person familiar with the survey  speaking anonymously
 A person with aphakia will benefit from good, but not excessive, lighting and high-contrast reading materials. 
 As a person who majored in Spanish, I had never heard of this play. 
 NOTICE TO MINNESOTA APPLICANTS: A PERSON 
 We would presume that a person would simply leave off doing it, in case of need. 
 where the rights of a third party or a person other than the accused have been violated. 
 Experiences in which a person transcends herself  ... of being pulled beyond the boundaries of one''s self
 This article explores the idea that the right understanding of communitarianism takes the individuality of a person seriously in its articulation of communitarianism, and this position is referred to as moderate communitarianism. 
 One''s place in society and the household determine how honour is ascribed to a person . 
 The sages personified trees and compared the ''pain'' of the destroyed tree to that of a person : ''[w]hen people cut down the wood of the tree which yields fruit  its cry goes from one end of the world to the other
 Wolterstorff says such ''primary justice'' is a situation which is present when a person 
 as a person interacts with revelation, God settles faith within the heart as consequence. 
 in other words  the convictions and beliefs that a person would allegedly hold, or the shared convictions of the one who communicates and the one who is on the receiving end. 
 a person in which one or several occupations change, disappear and/or are replaced by others"8. 
 11,12] In other terms, dysphoria sets a person 
 What brings a person to faith in commitment to Jesus is a converting experience. 
 If being burned at the stake was the fate of a person who dared challenge the establishment and their views, how did Luther survive the wrath of the Catholic Church? 
 Both Horan and Zizioulas assert that action or doing is part of what it means to be a person . 
 It is only through recognising what one is not that a person constructs their own sense of self and belonging (Jenkins 2008). 
 A person 
 Oftentimes when a person dies, others will say, "He''s in a better place now." 
 Even when a person is entitled to something, love is willing to give it up for other people. 
 Lived experience and the meaning a person ascribes to it are important if the perception of the patient on treatment is to be understood. 
 A person 
 The word ''object'' actually means a person , especially the person who is the object or target of another''s feelings or intentions. 
 Is every floor hole into which a person can accidentally walk guarded by either a standard railing and toeboard or floor hole cover? 
 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 A person 
 SECOND SCHEDULE section 6 MATTERS ABOUT WHICH A PERSON MA Y BE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT RETURNS UNDER SECTION 6 1. 
 Select your opponent from the menu button next to Opponent : Play a Person or Play the Computer. 3. 
 The CARE Network enables members of the University community to express their concern about a person , incident, or issue by submitting one of the following reports online: 
 so maybe a lot of today''s voters don''t know how bad a governor  how inept a politican  and how nasty a person he was. 
 A person should do little task first then do your deck project, so they get a feeling for what they will be doing. 
 I stick my characters in bad situations and then somewhere along the way a person that fixes the problem arrives. 
 Rod has some piro qualities as well - he''s a lot more sensitive and caring a person than you might believe, given the nature of his comic character. 
 But, in one of the few areas where I don''t go full on business owners rights, I don''t believe a person should be fireable for doing something on their own time if they aren''t representing the company in any way. 
 DOIs are a central part of preserving scientific and scholarly content beyond the life of a person or organization. 
 Find a Person 
 For example, a person who places a bet of one hundred dollars would now have paid for 200 dollars worth of baccarat. 
 "The brain shows a suppressed response to stimuli that a person has seen before  even when those stimuli were presented subliminally
 When a Jellyfish stings a person , they can die in less than three minutes." 
 a person are choose by using. 
 The vote of a person who votes twice in the same race is discarded. 
 The Somali does best with a person who spends a lot of time at home and doesn''t mind being an only cat. 
 A person are choose col... 
 That is, a person may die of a clear, alternate cause, like a person given 3 weeks left to live who dies of emphysema, but is still marked a COVID-19 death. 
 We expect a certain standard of visual performance when we pay to go see a person present music in a live setting. 
 Many of today''s online online casino games include software that a person obtain onto your computer, creating a great almost-real ruse of a casino table or setting. 
 For example, a person can bet on the number of goals scored in the first half of the overall game. 
 The act of gambling is an activity in which a person places their money at stake with the intention of winning some form of reward for that activity. 
 Each one of these games have different degrees of house edge, so a person who plays many online  internet casinos  or online betting exchanges
 3rd place: Meyran Kraus with: The professional plastic surgeon = I sculpt this large nose of a person . 
 Source and further information: http://mb-soft.com/public/waterska.html (with this dimensions, if a person is weighting 175 pounds
 If a person is tested with such homosexual tendencies  their tests are greater
 In the logo design steps, the tools are very straight forward and easy to use for a person like me who has no design skills! 
 police (those of them who realize this) could cite a person 
 and that''s where the intellect helps me give more information than a person who''s just saying, "Oh, I''ve got a native sense, and I''m special and different, and I don''t have to work at it." 
 Looks initially attract you to a person , the personality traits you mentioned would keep me talking to the man. 
 a person in the internet age. 
 A person being violated is the worse thing in the world I myself wouldnt keep the baby
 If a person just does not believe in a supreme divine being
 This is no way to treat a person . 
 People say you can tell when a person is having a bad day/upset because of their body language- not always true. 
 When a person is presented with an unusual situation  some modules in the brain "recognize" something
 As a person who is woefully horrible at job interviews and tends to fall absolutely backwards off cliffs into jobs
 In the old days, the argument runs, a person with a working-class identity could live in "working-class housing." 
 Everything about a person ''s live enables them to grow each day. 
 This example shows a person who you will list as NS (no surname). 
 A person could buy gold with his Greenbacks at the government-guaranteed price. 
 Generally, a summons is a document notifying a person of a court hearing on a specified date. 
 It has nothing to do with what a person should like. 
 Acupuncture teaches a person 
 your status as a person or entity restricted by United States of America export controls or sanctions programs 
 The principle is the same as down hugging with a person . 
 The time it takes for a person 
 First, she was well known in the synagogue as a person 
 A person in disagreement  however  was Siobhan Freegard  the founder of British parenting website Netmums
 Picture the surface of an ocean and a person wading there, moving forward through the water, with only the head protruding. 
 A person knows what to expect the next day. 
 Gordon Lish portrays such a person in this novel. 
 christology and ecclesiology to offer a rich and unique view of a person in the Church. 
 a person or organisation has had a credit enquiry recorded on the Equifax Bureau in the past 5 years). 
 It is about the natural development that unfolds for a person who is studying communication. ← 2 | 3 → 
 [page 12] Children experience a great uplifting if they can do everything because a person they look up to says it is the right thing to do. 
 Also, in our experience, the hair zinc level cannot be used to determine the amount of supplemental zinc a person requires. 
 A person writes to fit his or her personality and thinking style. 
 But what they can effectively do, for as little as $15 or as much as several hundred, is track a person with a precision once relegated to federal authorities. 
 Executive function: A person with profound ADHD is unable to gather thoughts and execute plans, because a brain growth stage was stunted. 
 I would truly enjoy to visit it some day, if I could only find a way to travel that would be appropriate for a person with my, shall we say, "condition". 
 A person in your class got a toy that you have really wanted for a long time. 
 Passing it is about the ability to convince a person in a blind setting that he or she is in conversation with another human. 
 To y worry I believe that a person 
 a person 
 As a person , he is friendly, fast and very responsive to questions and suggestions. 
 And again, how would you teach a person how to breathe so that he could live? 
 This usually will only occur when a person is diligently following a development program. 
 A person may be speaking to you from a lectern or pulpit whereon rests a Bible. 
 The guide he has is very informative for a person who wants to learn to play. 
 So where does a person find affordable home pc repair services! 
 One feature that might be nice would be to allow a person to customize the directories that get backed up, rather than hoping that they store them under "My Documents". 
 Wharfinger was a term for a person who was the keeper or owner of a wharf. 
 Remember that a person has to shoot a handgun at a qualified range at least every five years. 
 If a person ventures to take or remove the personal property of another without the owner''s permission
 a person and how we might proceed to create once more our individual Motherland here and now  beginning with where we live  work
 Genesis 18 And in Egypt too before this, when he had appeared so extraordinary a person , and had received back this very woman, his wife, and had enjoyed so great honor Genesis 12 he shows it to no man. 
 Lent is the season in which ''the concrete daily effort of a person   supported by God''s grace to lose his or her own life for Christ'' is ''the only means of gaining it (Mt 16:24-26
 The plumes also assist a person with healing. 
 A person 
 regardless of race  politics and religion and regardless of the status of the country or territory to which a person belongs. 
 But none, so far as I know, reveal what kind of a person he was. 
 and as such it would be unlawful for a person of one of these nations to marry a person of the other who was of the same clan
 The rabbis have taught us in the Talmud that the questions that a person faces are threefold: 1) Have you dealt honestly and kindly with your fellow human being? 2) Have you made Torah study
 Each of the images has a person in it. 
 Even if you are not into erotic fiction (expect plenty of thrusting and moaning), it is still refreshing to come across a person with MS in the erotic genre or any genre for that matter. 
 This easily led to the fact that a person could telephone in and get pushed around without anybody deliberately wanting to be discourteous. 
 A person reading it today  however  cannot help but notice that the book itself is full of sexual teasing
 For example, a person with any 10 000s in their amount will have more than someone whose largest place value is in the 1 000s. 
 Not experiencing the hardship after the pleasure will a person not arrive at knowledge; one naturally refrains in the end, and not because of being brainwashed by others. 
 but one thing though, IF a person willingly gives a girl/guy these gifts
 If it is not possible that a person may be burned upon death
 If Bush considers a platoon to be 1/2 of a person or less, he might be correct. 
 A person without any of these experiences could not have produced the poems of the Nero A.x manuscript
 In the movie, the phrase Ambrose Chapel was incorrectly assumed to be the name of a person . 
 That is everyone who speaks English, but this is not the case for a person from Spain. 
 And to a person 
 2nd regular session  2008) which would make the rules about covers crystal clear: "... a person shall not apply a covering or any substance to the license plate". 
 a person is experiencing at the time the hair test was performed. 
 a person to believe they have aged to the years of an old man  when in reality they have not
 who is well conducted and tranquil within  having emotions under control and aware of reality  such a person is worthy of the sacred ''stained cloth''. 
 She can read–an anomaly for serving wenches at the time–and realizes she is a person out of time and space dropped into a world where women are not valued for any intelligent contributions they could make. 
 Do not do other meditations that can make the problem worse by ungrounding a person more. 
 a person in a wheelchair. 
 For a person from a C++ background, the syntax of OCaml has many quirks. 
 They do not have any right to detain a person 
 For instance, if a person 
 They are almost exlusively found in Southern Europe, unless a person decides to install one at home. 
 This word may also connote the mesmeric effect of such a person –what Kluge calls "the charisma of the drunken elephant"–on credulous, stupid individuals. 
 It can heal almost any damage, keep a person alive forever and allows a Gallifreyan precise control over their regenerations. 
 it would not have to be because she  as a person   condoned incest...it would be more because she  as an author
 However this position may cause pains on the shoulder and waist areas, therefore, if you are a person who has severe pains it is best to fix your position. 
 A person can describe a collectible  attach its photograph  and enter any other information  like status  condition
 I think we should be sticking to articles which can have a tangible focus - a person   a place  an organization  an event
 Clearly when a person acts "in the name of" another person  that does not mean the first person has the same name the other does
 A Fellow is a person with an established record in astronomical research
 A dog show judge, sometimes dog judge, is a person that is qualified to evaluate dogs at a conformation show. 
 Why would we be required to love such a person when what they do horrifies us? 
 biologic therapy to the mapping of genetic patterns to predict if a person is at risk of developing psoriasis. 
 On 22-Dec-04, the convertible note was acquired by a person named Liu Feng Lei, at a reported price of $0.011 per underlying share. 
 Called Priests. if a person is in a priesthood, he is called a priest. 
 But what type of medication a person takes only happens after a person seeks treatment. 
 A person , or an organisation, to whom you leave something in your will. 
 [ http://www.joycetice.com/aliens/aliens.htm ] A person might be listed as coming from Austria Poland or Prussia Poland, even at a time when Poland did not exist. 
 The very definition of ''refugee'' is a person who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war, persecution, or natural disaster. 
 He is an alarmingly precise dummy of a person , visible to visitors from the shop window. 
 This is to understand if a person has communication problems. 
 You can also increase clicks and sign-ups by displaying a person clicking on the Call-to-Action button or looking at the Newsletter subscription form. 
 As a person do you focus on the Joy of knowing Yeshua? 
 (3) A person 
 A person could not live on this planet and not hear one or two of his songs in the 70''s, 80''s and 90''s. 
 If you''re a person who has seen ups and downs, times of great deliverance followed quickly by great extremity, then this is a psalm for you. 
 @Iutech, a person could be multidimensional  one can follow another for only a certain kind of posts
 September is the rainiest month and barring a person being totally fine with packing a rain poncho for daily use, this month should be avoided altogether. 
 Pick a person to be "it". 
 If you are afraid you won''t get the tree species you want and insist on shopping early, Brennan says a person who will put a Christmas tree early can keep it until the middle of January if they take care of it right. 
 Just because a person 
 I''ve heard that the more education a person has, the more of a buffer – "cognitive reserve" – he or she has against Alzheimer''s and other dementias. 
 Take the ''little leaps? of faith necessary to help you become a person of faith. 
 There are many different reasons as to why a person would want to use BHB for energy instead of glucose. 
 I referred to her as a person I considered to be a model for how I am trying to live my life  quoted from the words above about "the young
 Excessive facial sweating is also referred to as facial hyperhidrosis When a person sweats excessively  especially on the face
 If a person is unwilling to make this sacrifice of watching what they eat
 Think of someone you know who is a wonderful host or hostess: a person who gives great parties where everyone feels comfortable and at ease  someone who can break the ice
 "I didn''t recognize that someone was in way over her head.? ?Keeping a person in a position where he failed was my biggest mistake." 
 The best thing you can possibly do for a person who has been laid off is give him/her a job. 
 If a person has dispensable monthly income of ₤100 or more he can get loans for higher amounts. 
 Possess a person astrally, this could be a simple attunement or viewing and it could even include psychic sex. 
 Your odds of meeting a person that is compatable to you or at least worth the time to take on another date is great. 
 A similar example I can see is that a person 
 In each clip a person addresses an anonymous and unknown audience on the internet from his or her protected and private space. 
 Instead of bring running news to you, I thought to write a small caption of a person that I have slowly seen growing and hope will become one of Kenya''s Elite in the marathon world. 
 For example, a person who wants to please everyone often runs around too much and does not rest enough. 
 You might get to a person when all of their things have been said on their list. 
 It is not unusual to find a person who lives in a completely different state than their parents and siblings, let alone cousins and grandparents. 
 In that respect a person might feel that it is unethical or not noble to network. 
 An FFL allows a person to be a firearms dealer, pawnbroker, gunsmith, firearms or ammunition manufacturer, or importer of firearms. 
 frozen or shut down in many cases after a person dies and many times, families lose the memories, emails, photos and videos of their loved ones." 
 passionate affection for another person  an intense personal attachment or affection  a person toward whom love is felt, a strong enthusiasm or liking. 
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THIS WARRANTY IS VOID IF, (I) THE PRODUCT HAS BEEN INSTALLED BY A PERSON NOT APPROVED BY SELLER TO PERFORM THE INSTALLATION
 Natural diet products, however, can help a person get to their ideal weight and they include green tea and whey. 
 I prefer to judge a person by who THEY are, not assumptions borne of their orientation, religion, colour... 
 a person 
 strikebreaker  blackleg] 3. a person 
 I don''t understand how a person 
 Also with a regulator, it can allow the current to be delivered in impulses, thus reducing the chance of a person of being electrocuted accidentally. 
 When a person 
 And where does the Bible say that a person is saved before he is baptized, then after he is saved he should be baptized? 
 Of course, a person can get a flash loan from one of these platforms and use it in a different DEX. 
 In fact, for safety, a person must stand at least 6 to 8 feet away from one of these ovens while it is operating. 
 Carry out remembering specifically a person : 
 Each one has something to offer a person , whether it''s perfect beaches full of surfable wave 
 When this happens, a person who was injured by the product may find that there was no pattern of injury geographically
 V: If a person has developed a habit of viewing the smartness  over-cleverness
 Sometimes, when a person has a stroke or an accident or when a person gets Alzheimer''s disease, they lose the ability to understand speech or read text. 
 Should a person commit an actual crime against another, some motives could constitute an additional charge. 
 group or political party ... [and] also would make it a federal crime to pay someone to not vote and ... to hinder a person who is helping someone to vote." 
 If a person wants to earn a scholarship, then they have to "walk on" to the team, and hope to earn a scholarship for next year. 
 Is that the conduct of a person with the intent to assassinate the president? 
 It can be spread through close contact with a person 
 They misunderstand SBC Calvinists to think that even if a person trusts Christ
 "Virginity is just one of the many attributes that an individual wants in a person ." 
 Once a person says, "I have writer''s block." 
 –Max Eastman, Enjoyment of Laughter "My goal in life is to be as good of a person my poet already thinks I am." 
 You grow as a person and become an adult with the new independence that university life brings
 but it was something else entirely to have the same conversation with a person you would call your friend. 
 "Scientists Have Finally Calculated How Many Hot Dogs a Person Can Eat at Once." 
 And the study -- which was undismayed by ambivalent U. Glory, glory the world are waiting for a person should go to schools which are safe and not atrocious. 
 By doing prannayaam, a person obliterates his sins and becomes capable of controlling his mann and other ten organs of action and perception. 
 "You voted and elected a person   after which the election was stolen  they spat in your face
 a person who has achieved distinction and honor in some field / The whole / large; big. 
 But sometimes why a person comes into your life is not for the reasons you thought. 
 I would highly recommend David to a person 
 So, why to blame day or time etc. Why don''t we try to know the fact that a person did sin and had to face its result on particular day and time. 
 First and foremost, a person with low self-esteem needs to reflect inward. 
 She was about as overweight and out of shape as a person can be; I remember being afraid her legs would fail her. 
 For example the website may be owned by a person in one country  hosted in another  operate mainly in that country but also in a third
 silicone or steroids • Have had unprotected sex with a person who falls into any of the aforementioned categories 
 a person 
 Fathering such a person takes little time and effort, and I''m sure that was what he envisioned. 
 I still have a hard time with Humiliation, even some torture, and now slavery of a person who''s only crime is the love of women. 
 They are posed raising their hands up in the air, in the same manner as is done after the death of a person . 
 a person who often changes his or her beliefs or behavior in order to please others or to succeed, 
 People fear to mess around with a person with a muscular body and also girls die to get a boyfriend with muscular frame. 
 If a person suffering from some contagious illness can influence a person in good health  and make him ill  in his turn
 Yes Man: a person 
 A person may tell you that you are wearing a great looking pair of shoes
 This guilt feeling can have a serious impact on a person and helps make the point that everyone in the family needs help at this time. 
 no charitable deduction will be allowed when an interest in property "passes or has passed from the decedent to a person   or for a use" that qualifies for the deduction
 I bumped into Eldafire outside of Arrille''s, she suggested I (looking like a person that can handle myself, her words not mine) go to the cave accross from the Silt Strider port. 
 Pictures are fine, but they rarely tell you the entire story about a person . 
 Thus Allah swt will not leave a person without a guide in even 24 hours. 
 Don''t you worry about this hon. A person needs to like you for whom you are,with two legs or one! 
 Vedic astrology considers the Sun as indicative of the soul or core-personality of a person . 
 When I sit in this computer lab I am aware that I am sitting near to a person called ''Pies'' who sometimes gets his friends in a headlock. 
 If a person makes the best automobile that they can (best quality  most reliable  most efficient
 For example, when a person gets his salary, income tax and various other tax deductions are already made from it. 
 If you think I''m a person of my word, then the token is actually worth one of the projected 700,000 hours of my life. 
 The level of free-flowing testosterone determines how much muscle a person can gain. 
 I''m just not seeing the logic of this argument from you, a person whose arguments are usually based on logic and statistics. 
 So peer pressure tells us that the more boyfreinds/girlfriends we''ve had the better a person we must be - rubbish! 
 In Inca times this object was the most sacred possession a person could have. 
 The next day, a person 
 But remember...she is a person who likes to have a good time. 
 Come, ye black divils, and see if ye can coax this _contrairy_ crathure to do as a person wants." 
 But that brings up an interesting question: Is a person born in (the former) Spanish Morocco or Spanish Sahara considered Spanish by birth? 
 If a person is asked to do a lot of things–innovate
 If a person who is primarily a developer and not lawyer will do the same mistake in drafting a license. 
 My boyfriend has this ex (who actually i do like as a person 
 contact with a person infected with c. difficile 
 A person drinks to ease anxiety, depression, boredom, guilt, timidity, inarticulateness. 
 no state official or a person 
 When a person is addicted to anything, including alcohol, drugs, gambling, sex...they have no conscience. 
 The blog has design, meaning, and even the title tells a person what it is gonna be based around: "the life of an English Major". 
 When a person looks at that church they will see a young
 Final September, Sue M., a 53-year-old whom works in business communications, got matched with a person on the internet dating platform PlentyofFish. 
 Going to a tough college will get a person a better job although it is tougher, whereas going to a junior college or state would be easier. 
 If you can''t even manage to do that with me, a person that generally agrees with most of the positions you take
 For instance, a person who has killed another person''s relative is as culpable as a person who led the rebel war. 
 it could take some time to obtain a response because a person needs to examine it. 
 This would be a case of E44 Place Appellation despite the fact that it is naming a person . 
 Section 36(1) enables exclusive licensees to suefor infringement, but s. 36(2) states that where " a person other than the copyright owner"  namely the exclusive licensee  sues for infringement
 Such a person will have the least designs on taking the money under management (since  as you said
 a person 
 But as a result of a person will get false indicators of endurance  the tendons cannot absorb the load of the brand new muscle mass
 If this man was a person of generosity
 Do you think it seems a little much when a person you don''t know too well reaches out three times? 
 If you are a person that has an anxiety attack because you need to have options take that into account when you write your packing list. 
 A person may need a program for treatment of opiate dependence. 
 You can be addicted to a person like a narcotic drug; and will feed the habit regardless of the bad side-effects. 
 As a person of mixed race
 All of this is not to say that''s not to say that Martin was attacking Jim as a person ... 
 In the meantime, validate her importance as a person whenever you get a chance to. 
 Because it is the rating provided by the approved agencies about a person stating whether he is eligible for a loan or not. 
 Congress has passed legislation for the "Income-based Repayment" program where a person working as a teacher for ten years would have his or her tuition debt forgiven. 
 When a person is addicted to something, say a drug or alcohol they''re a slave to that master. 
 All know the verse, [18] "Skin for skin," [19] [i.e., a person will protect one limb at the expense of another]
 How To Make a Home Safer for a Person with Alzheimer''s 
 And even when a person tries to suppress these memories and feelings consciously
 Though hemifacial spasm is not serious, it may be discomforting and affect the self esteem of a person . 
 "(2) Services other than those mentioned in the preceding paragraph rendered to a person 
 "Think of it like how many tasks or jobs a person can do in one day. 
 One thing they''d like to do is appoint an on-site manager during the vacation period, so that a person with some authority is always on hand for guests. 
 Without the conviction that there is a person or persons who will take the whole responsibility of his acts
 If the history of the phrases in hourly currency among our peasants were traced, a person not previously aware of the fact would be surprised at finding so large a number
 A person 
 The campaign instead shows a person who respects himself and respects the women and girls around him." 
 When a person regularly exercises, many positive changes occur. 
 A person can feel the bony structure under his skin. 
 Also what kind of a person /dev are u ? I feel you like salty salat cream. 
 Clark Elliott it has shown myself how I have been using work arounds without knowing such as asking a person in a store to help me find something because I forgot my glasses when that''s not the case. 
 Imagawa Sadayo "It is truly regrettable that a person will treat a man who is valuable to him well, and a man who is worthless to him poorly." 
 On Friday a woman died in a crash at an intersection at Whakamaru in Waikato, and a person died after a truck and car collided in Hauraki on Thursday. 
 If a person 
 You never want your pics to look too good because then it looks like a comapny trying to sell something instead of a person . 
 After brain injury, a person may lack accurate recall of events or may confabulate, both of which might affect the validity of confession. 
 The Race: I spoke with a person who made their own version of a DBZ D20 RPG and decided to use his version of the Race (with editing). 
 a person 
 I want to apologize on my zealot ways which do not speak very well of me as a person and a student of history. 
 If a person heard three knocks and no one is there, it usually meant someone close to them had died. 
 That same Page Six article quotes him as saying, "I''m a person that has to belong to support groups and communities to help... 
 It takes account of the needs of a person as a whole. 
 I wanted this two-person kata to be as reality based as possible, so I plugged in two takedowns that didn''t require a person to wear a gi top to be held onto. _______ Joe, You are 100% correct. 
 Numbness in the toes can cause pain and discomfort during a workout, and can cause a person to stop exercising before he would prefer to. 
 If the kombucha section at Whole Foods were a person , it might be Gwyneth Paltrow. 
 Meanwhile, about 25% of the county''s population identifies as a person of color. 
 What else can be more convincing than a real life account of a person with severe chronic illness? 
 A person with CF had both parents pass the changed gene to them. 
 Unlike some cloud-based camera services, which can differentiate between just motion and a person , HomeKit sees all movement the same. 
 Major (Rtd) Alfred Palo Conteh was called back to national service by no less a person than His Excellency (Retired Brigadier) Dr. Julius Maada Bio. 
 As investigators were trying to find out the names of the boys, they were informed that a person only known by the name of "Blessing" might help them identify the boys. 
 I suspect a person or two at some point were on it but its just not in the culture here. 
 Dr. Rupert Sheldrake is such a person . 
 that James'' conduct is an ethical violation because it "...substantially harmed or is likely to substantially harm a person ." 
 It''s the financial equivalent of kicking a person when they''re down. 
 If a person makes their money off entertainment that is what they are going to do; just my opinion and WE ARE ALL entitled to one. 
 I don''t think this is a person with the attitude of everything is going to bend to her will, I think this is a person 
 A person 
 Look at yourself how your presenting yourself, how you greeted the person and maybe that will take a person who was intending to say just looking when they came through the door to yes you can help. 
 It has been said that a person experiences three deaths. 
 If a person wants to spend the money to own a work of handmade art, I think that''s awesome and I wish I had money to do the same. 
 There''s also a deal with Verizon in which if a person were to buy this phone "with a new line on select Unlimited plans", you can get the phone "on us", according to Verizon. 
 If the driver never had a seizure and had no reason to expect one, such a person might not be negligent if he or she caused an accident. 
 A person 
 If a person cocooning has a garden or backyard
 oh dear, dont go questioning a person because of a title
 "It felt like I was coming full circle–like I went from being the storyteller of these girls to being a person who was actually raising money for them." 
 When a person is medicated, this presents an interesting challenge intuitively. 
 It is difficult to find a person to fill the WHO''s medical imaging post. 
 When a person is said to have poor boundaries, it typically means either of two different things or both. 
 Here are more fascinating things a person can experience being on Telos either as a trader  a market analyst
 A person 
 a person who''s struggling. 
 As an a person who enjoys OS weird, when I heard the first beta release of Haiku came out I knew I''d end up playing with it. 
 Intermittent fasting is a type of diet in which a person limits either his eating times to 6-8 hours per day, or the number of moderate-sized meals that he will eat in a week. 
 because they make a person richer -- are not taxed until they are "realized." 
 WSJ ran this graph that shows the probability of a person ''s dying through various causes. 
 Essentially this means let''s say you see for example a person . 
 The energy of Setheâ€TMs next infant who was destroyed at the age of a person , haunts the home of 124. 
 (B+) There aren''t many causes where Larry is the one to go to bat for someone else, but a person being able to go right up to get seconds instead of waiting in line all over again is one that''s close to his heart. 
 and to get rid of the cadre ballast" etc. But one cannot expect anything different from such a person . 
 A bully is a person who seeks to harm or intimidate others by the use of threat, force, aggression, abuse, domination or coercion. 
 Nouns can name a person : 
 The controversy reached a head on Thursday when a person created a group called NAMBLA, the name for a nefarious pro-pedophile organization, and started adding friends. 
 He said: "An action that a person 
 Allah may not respond to the supplication a person for several reasons: 
 a person ? i think dogmatic, stubborn and simple-minded fit quite well. 
 When such a person is hired to maintain the machines effectiveness  for example  mechanical machine effeciency or MME
 For someone who was, to a person   the most prescient voice on homeland security and the threat of terrorism in 1990s
 by multiplying 65 by 80  you would have lived for 5 200 years  or achieved the reward of a person who lived that long. 
 So it is rare that a person seeks after position in this world by seeking authority and is guided to and granted what is good for him. 
 A person without taboo, who gets carried away by what he feels and is not afraid to give and receive pleasure. 
 If one delays it with no excuse then it is not acceptable zakaah, but if there is an excuse – such as if a person is traveling and does not have anything to give or anyone to give it to
 This can cause a person to fall into backbiting, because it is easy for such an idle mind to become busy with men, their honor and their faults. 
 The meaning of angels'' love is seeking forgiveness to a person , willing good for him in this world and in the next, and inclination to him because he is obedient and loving Him. 
 Accordingly, souls and limbs are essentially ma''sumah (protected) by the law unless a person is convicted of a crime, which follows a prescribed penalty. 
 Which is greater, the gold or the temple that makes the gold sacred? 18You also teach that it doesn''t matter if a person swears by the altar. 
 If a person receives the same amount of meat as the others and also receives the head  feet or skin
 A person 
 The head of Germany''s Bundesbank, Jens Weidmann, voted against the proposal, according to a person familiar with the matter. 
 TNG: Unnatural Selection - To contain a person in suspended animation for medical examination without threat of contagion. 
 harass  delay  or burden a third person  or use methods of obtaining evidence that violate the legal rights of such a person 
" says Ms. Paige  "because [as a result of slavery] we''ve lost everything that identifies us as a person ; we''ve lost our original names; we''ve lost our languages; we lost the freedom to honor our ancestors. 
 But then the estimable Fauci has precluded shaking hands, while maintaining a person can hook up on Tinder if he/she accepts the risk. 
 It is primarily how a person carries the dress as which makes him or her turn the heads for compliments. 
 No matter what pleasure a person derives from Christmas gifts one thing is... 
 It was not possible to live with a host family so I stayed in a house with a person who was preparing the food. 
 This is a great opportunity for a person to learn and make a difference while receiving a great cultural experience. 
 Yet the New Testament speaks as if we ought to know Jesus as a person , a real close friend. 
 She sees you as a person first, helper second. 
 He''s a hard worker and a person you can absolutely count on. 
 At home there is a room available for a person or a couple. 
 many useful links  and interesting ideas for further independent study of the language and self-improvement as a person ! 
 And as Hassan is a person that makes things happen, we went to print them straight away, improved and perfected them. 
 When Allah looks at him while he is distressed with his fault, he forgives him before a person begins to expiate with Salah and fasting." 
 I would like to find a person who loves and is comfortable with children  who also likes to cook if possible ... you can speak english with her
 He was a good helper a person still interesting and responsible as well as the exchange of shared experiences. 
 Imagine this scenario: You''re walking down a street and you pass a person sitting on a park bench. 
 It wasn''t that we changed our position in space at all, or even changed much as a person . 
 cute levels  an insanely vast array of monsters  weapon and speed upgrades  all sorts of bonus - what more can a person ask for? 
 noun a person who can be relied on to give a great deal of support and comfort pillar of strength. 
 "The taste of semen or vaginal secretions can be slightly influenced by what a person eats," sex expert Sari Locker told Redbook in December 2016. 
 Generally, a person born in a foreign country is an alien
 "Well," said the villainous Lisbeth, " a person to whom he is bound by the most sacred ties--his wife--wrote yesterday to tell him so. 
 In Hadeeth, once a person came to the Masjid of the Prophet (SallAllahu ''alaihi wasallam) and urinated in it; the people wanted to pounce on him
 until the angel said to him (the Messenger): As for the first man, whose head was smashed by the rock, he was a person who memorized the Qur''an but refused to preserve it; moreover sleeps without performing the prescribed Salah." 
 "Do you imagine that I could ever make a friend of such a person as Lady Stock?" 
 KANSAS CITY, Mo. – On one floor at the Midwest Republican Leadership Conference over the weekend was a group raising $15 a person to oust the so-called "flimsy 15," a group of Republicans who earlier in the week had voted against their... 
 A person , or an AI, does not come to a decision based on a single utility measure. 
 It will be also capable, depending on the nation''s pro or que incluye provisions, in upgrading you where a person can run in to more gamblers. 
 a person in the foreign country  is permissible
 Where no legal domicile can be ascertained, or where there are other reasons that it is not appropriate for a person to be resettled in a given state (e.g.  the individual strongly prefers to be elsewhere
 academically  physically and spiritually to become a person equipped to launch successfully into my future. 
 For example, if a person reports being a "Funeral director" but has no reported industry, IND will be replaced with "Funeral homes." 
 Leadership does not reside in a person ; it resides in the situation. 
 and that an impersonal stance is useful or appropriate when a person won''t alter their tendency toward a behavior when they hear expressions of negative moral judgement. 
 Ms. Laporte-Stark submits that most Air Canada staff she encountered did not seem to know how to guide a person who is blind, particularly if assisted by a guide dog. 
 A person 
 The term scienter refers to a state of mind often required to hold a person legally accountable for her acts. 
 Yet another, Dovid Katzenelson, who was a Hebraist, a Zionist in heart and in soul, a person of culture. 
 But standing before her was a person she thought herself long rid of? 
 he should be a descendant of Ismaa''eel such a person is not to be found, the a non-Arab should be installed. 
 (b) A person commits an offense if the person sends an electronic mail  instant message  text message
 If only there were a personal finance solution that focused on the finances of a person or family in a way that wasn''t overpowered by "The Account." 
 * I''m a person interesting in SPIRITUALITY a lot. 
 The whole enterprise is often somewhat remenescent of the image of a person attempting to lift themselves off the ground by pulling on their own bootstraps. 
 Can a person protect himself from thunder and lightning while on a stormy sea? 
 A person who "procures" prostitution is defined as a person "who receives money to obtain a prostitute for another person." 
 on the request of the Marquis de La Luzerne  that Otto should go to him to London; that they would send a person to America as Chargé des Affaires in place of Otto  and that if the President (General Washington) approved of him
 When a person takes no consideration to risk or cost factors, the comments are fairly absurd. 
 It is normal for a person to be concerned about their ability to train a dog if they lack experience. 
 (I wish a person 
 A person 
 On the other hand, a person in good standing will have access to the best jobs
 a person and know what to say. 
 Upon being freed, Baby Suggs is suddenly aware of herself as a person , as exemplified by her sudden awareness of her own heartbeat. 
 "Today," he went on to say, "it is the Church''s feeling that a person must be crazy to commit suicide. 
 We as Christians know He is a person . 
 Therefore, it will be hard to differentiate what is being done by a person or a machine. 
 Being a musician capable of writing something that punches you in the gut is as close to having superpowers as a person can get. 
 Docotrs may now confidentially alert state motor vehicle authorities if they suspect a person is too impaired to drive. 
 A person like Jackie Landis is hard to find. 
 If a person has not been injured by the fall to this date, (and very few have,) he need have no fears. 
 Again, a person 
 A person can know, can have the required vision, yet the desire can still be absent. 
 So we also wanted to know what skills and/or qualifications leading brokers think a person needs to have in order to succeed in the brokerage business today? 
 Nowadays I''m not even sure if newspapers take into account whether a person is a good writer. -Bob Schieffer 
 I realized in the first few hours out there that I was a person who could get drastically seasick. 
 I recruited 4 pairs of participants composed of a person with VI and a sighted guide with an established relationship through guiding of at least 3 months. 
 What would you say to a person who paid £25 for the most boring compact disc ever produced? 
 Feelings of guilt can develop when a person has a lot of shoulds in life. 
 It''s always possible to find just a few plant remedies, or even one that, if well chosen, will greatly benefit a person . 
 If a person is a stepchild or an adopted child of Person 1, mark the "Son or daughter" box. 
 Changing simple Biblical names, which were already in general use, simply because they helped to identify a person as a Jew, clearly indicates a conscious effort to assimilate. 
 Without trials a person does not improve themselves. 
 Second finger: This may depict things that are where you have grown from as a person – your origins. 
 and that kind of power that fast can have some fascinating effects on a person . 
 Twain or Dickens or somebody said, "A person who doesn''t read great books is no better off than a person who cannot" (paraphrase! 
 Think of it like how some people keep journals of their exercise routine, how many calories they are eating, etc. A person who keeps a journal can also note down their personal bests they''ve ever achieved in specific tasks
 Finally, how was the ''revocation court'' to remand a person on bail or in custody to the ''triggering offence'' court to secure the individual''s attendance before that court
 A "medium", as defined by the Oxford Dictionary, is a person who is "a spiritual intermediary between the living and the dead". 
 The majority of these cases are attributed to a single bite inflicted on a person from a disease-infected mosquito. 
 A person with aphasia is experiencing an impairment to their use of language, not to their intellect. 
 Exceptionalism Killing America''s Soul – A person 
 I naturally burn 2 724kcals a day  which is some 500kcals higher than the estimated daily requirement of 2 192 for a person of my height and weight. 
 The personal statement should paint a picture of you as both a student and as a person in your daily life. 
 Transmitting the faith essentially means to transmit the Scriptures, primarily the Gospel, which give a person the opportunity of knowing Jesus, the Lord. 
 Specifically, police and prosecutors may not base the decision to arrest a person for  or charge a person with  a criminal offense based on "an unjustifiable standard such as race  religion
 Typically, a person having a focal seizure remains conscious and often experiences other symptoms. 
 For me, it conjures up a person who is exceptionally good at finding emanations in penumbras
 His father was not a person of conscience. 
 What resources as a person will they bring to the partnership – and of course, what resources and track record will you bring? 
 He was also clearly a person 
 "If we mimic safely, natural infection with our vaccine we will be able to induce a response in a person 
 As for the taking of narcotics, a person could go even to the extent of killing a person
 mental reservation Jesuit doctrine of deceit that allows a person to profess one thing while secretly believing something different. 
 a person in the next world. 
 "And if a person who has come into politics is ready to gain more knowledge in order to become more effective  more nimble
 A scofflaw occurs when a person fails to answer or appear on a summons, or does not pay an assessed fine. 
 While the word "proselyte" was originally used to designate a person who became a member of the Jewish community by believing in Yahweh and respecting the Law of Moses  and subsequently
 If a person is not aware of those terms  or if they do not intentionally violate those terms
 Consider a simple seem at one of the most revolutionary features asics gel kayano will offer a person . 
 On the other hand, overly broad hand and arm gestures can make a person look as if he is trying too hard, again raising the question of the speaker''s honesty. 
 You want to be a person to visitors and potential clients, not just a robot writer behind a screen. 
 The general consensus is that a person with 20/20 vision  viewing a 60-inch display  won''t see any benefit from 4K until they''re within 6 to 7 feet
 It involves screening services and investigation which may lead to community supervision that takes place after a person has been charged and arrested with a AK state crime. 
 a person as the words on its pages. 
 That seems little enough for a person to set aside for the poor. 
 This poses still another question: Can a person leave his body while it is still alive and go "drifting through the sky"? 
 This really comes in handy when the item needed is four dollars and a person doesn''t want to spend seven dollars on shipping. 
 (3) This rule does not apply to a person 
 while mentioning in passing that the best available technology for matching iris prints on an ID card to a person 
 That''s all well and good, but how do we find which records are associated with a person . 
 Suffering a serious injury in an accident is one of the most upsetting experiences a person can go through. 
 To accomplish this goal more efficiently, it is suggested that every university is researched to be sure that a person is not receiving novelty fake diplomas. 
 a person . 
 The gist of this science is to develop the opposite quality in a person : instead of reception, to develop the feeling of bestowal. 
 This means that a person is not wicked or righteous; he is simply an animal that is not in exile. 
 Answer: Sometimes a person feels despair, but this does not bring about progress. 
 This stage lasts until a person marries, and they become a householder. 
 executive branch  active and retired  and to a person , none of them are aware of it being addressed by the national security apparatus. 
 If these beta cells become damaged or destroyed permanently from chronic pancreatitis then a person can develop diabetes. 
 because of the fact there is practically nothing in the world which can evoke such an interest in the mind of a person . 
 Such a circumstance may be if the surrender of a person puts him/her at risk of being subjected to inhuman or degrading treatment. 
 But " a person close to a VP in textbook publishing"? 
 (while it is only 5-year under the Thai laws) A person who commits the same offence will be brought to the same legal process in Australia, regardless of the nationality. 5. 
 Pick a person from your contacts who also uses Google Photos as your partner
 Show a person carrots  mushrooms  spinach  and broccoli  with a "yes these are Xes"  and strawberries  cayenne
 For a person whose sole goal is to gain insight into the workings of their mind, I would probably not recommend it. 
 Here''s another example: consider a person who is aware that factory farming is cruel but regularly eats meat. 
 But taken to an extreme, points 2) and 3) seem equivalent to saying that there is simply nothing a person can do to increase the likelihood that they will not be made a fool of by Lady Luck. 
 For a true master of the mature art of human rationality, a person who has a detailed self-model and very accurate probability estimates
 a person , the more interest they''re likely to charge them. 
 It has been said that a person 
 Pignone points out that a person with low or no literacy must carry all these instructions and data in their heads and it often just proves too much. 
 This is called pseudohypertension and it can happen if a person has particularly rigid arteries. 
 This act modifies this provision to include that a person will perform at least sixty days "involving at least four hundred eighty hours" of community service. 
 while birds in the East fly away at the first sight of a person . 
 The device had 124 electrodes–each collecting 32 readings at 62.5 Hz every time a person was shown an image. 
 not the least of which was transforming the children''s father from a humorless workaholic to a person capable of experiencing joy and having fun with his loved ones. 
 The movie highlights the actual struggles that a person with OCD suffers from and how ostracizing and detrimental they are to one''s daily lifestyle. 
 Oftentimes, this would be difficult to do to a person thrashing about, so the person would often also be kicked or knocked unconscious. 
 becoming an aerospace engineer is an excellent way to capitalise on this type of background to allow a person to do a job that fits well with their natural abilities. 
 Each member of the Carey Business School community, as a person of integrity, has a personal obligation to adhere to this requirement. 
 While a person may possess a knife or even a licensed handgun at home for personal protection
 suggesting an Anglo-Saxon origin  and perhaps deriving from ''Efe''s Tun''  a farmstead belonging to a person called Efe. 
 Avalanches occur when the conditions allow and becomes an accident if a person is involved in. 
 Legal Aid Ontario is also not supposed to pay the fees associated with a person taking an unreasonable position. 
 So, Gandhi won''t take a pill that would make him want to kill people because it would increase the probability of a person dying in a given time interval -- since Gandhi''s utility function assigns negative utility to people dying
 Most of the emails received today by a person 
 such as child sexual exploitation or gang-related exploitation have such a person in their lives. 
 And a person will always see and here everything around them working against it  but this is in order for us to be able to–he says
 A person inherits conditions such as psoriasis  acne  eczema  rosacea
 This means that a person could walk right up next to the cow while it was standing perfectly still. 
 And a person who is carefree and likes to have fun. 
 This year has witnessed also the publication of another book, The Child is a Person : Janusz Korczak''s Educational Thought, by Marc Silverman. 
 You need a logistics person and a person 
 Just like the machine to keep a person down. 
 It seems that the more grateful a person is, the less depressed they are. 
 As a person , I totally sympathize and understand that things come up. 
 What''s it called when a person responds to their own thread??? 
 A person can make big money on the ramp up (as Lance Roberts and Quinn note)  as many do
 The definition also includes disparate data points that may be combined to identify a person , if they are combined and used in this way (hence "indirectly" identify). 
 In the oral argument, no one questioned that it''s illegal to refuse to hire a person named Mel Goldberg based on the assumption that he is Jewish. 
 If a person is in the water near the boat, you do NOT start the engines for whatever reason. 
 Relating to creating a defense to revocation of parole, mandatory supervision, or community supervision for a person who travels through a child safety zone. 
 a person . 
 a person either "agrees" or "disagrees"  since this occurs at the level of thought)
 However, after a person has been infected with two types of dengue viruses
 The drone rescues a person from a rooftop of a partially submerged building in a heavily flooded region. 2. 
 Currently a person who refuses to remove their face covering for identification purposes is given two warnings. 
 I''ve grown here as an actress, more than I ever imagined I would and as a person . 
 If a person accepts that message, they will stop talking. 
 Such a person is someone who wants something from the winning candidate. 
 a person 
 You don''t have to direct it to a person , direct it to a situation and wonders happen. 
 Mortgage Broker: A person 
 When individuals, for whatever reason, try to make fuzzy the relation between a person and a phone number
 At one point in early January, a person could have bought a whole hog for about twice the cost of a ham sandwich. 
 I think what interests me in these cases is seeing how much a person or a team could pull out a system that has some very tough constraints (and in the Apple II''s case
 Restricting one''s food intake helps in warding off sleep and enables a person to make do with fewer hours of sleep. 
 I just can''t see a person who manages 16 teachers having the experience to run the [State Department of Education. 
 Well what can a person say? 
 For centuries it was considered a violation of law for a person baptised into the Orthodox faith to convert to Protestantism. 
 Spy tools like hidden spy cameras or nanny cameras, are the best and inexpensive means to grab hold of a person 
 In case, a person does not have any blood relative, having computerised (13 Digits) ID (CNIC / NICOP) number. 
 Such a person however would understand that MER is not the field of Bergstra
 Nothing prevents a person to be kind to others because that is one of the ways of calling to Islam. 
 Previous research by this team demonstrated that the brain functions differently when a person arrives at "Aha!" 
 And it''s surprising that a person who is mentioned so often in the other gospels is never named in this one. 
 We seem to believe that, because a person carries a Canadian passport
 The bathroom is one of the most challenging and dangerous places for a person 
 G.L. c. 40A, s. 8 provides that a person 
 "A right of action simultaneous with the injury [negligently caused by the defendants] accrued to . . . [him]  ''as a person in esse  and . . . [his] subsequent death does not defeat it  but  by operation of the statute
 with Monarchy at her right Hand: The Second was Moderation leading in Religion; and the third a Person whom I had never seen8, with the genius of Great Britain. 
 My servlet throws a page which shows all the tasks a person has to do. 
 a commission  discount  bonus  present or reward from the person who makes such contract  . . . or from a person who renders service or labor under such contract  and a person who gives or offers such commission  discount  bonus
 The burden of responsibility for making innumerable choices can result in a person ''s becoming psychologically tyrannized by them. 
 a person or corporation so exempt  the amount of such assessment
 Moreover, if the police could not in any circumstance question a person who has been arrested pursuant to a warrant
 a person or persons entitled to require the issue of share certificates by the trustee. 
 It is undoubtedly true that if a person whose land is taken is deprived even temporarily of spur track facilities which he previously has enjoyed
 A publication which identifies a person 
 Indeed, this provision anticipates that the commissioner need take no action at all until and unless a person aggrieved by the deputy''s decision appeals to the commissioner after the deputy''s decision is rendered. 
 In short, " a person 
 the only remedy for a person aggrieved by such a judgment being by review or by a proceeding to reverse it upon a writ of error. 
 The plaintiffs have called our attention to no case in which a person in the position of Corbin or Boston Survey was under a duty to speak to a prospective purchaser. 
 A person 
 In Lyons v. Coe, 177 Mass. 382, it was held that a person   who was employed by another to buy or sell for his account  has no remedy  under this statute
 This provision in art. 13 clearly was repealed by art. 16 which purports to state the qualifications of a person for election as councillor. 
 Util. 327 Mass. 550, 551-552, S. C. 329 Mass. 719, where a motor carrier was held to be a person 
 Hassan had just arrived in response to a 911 hang-up call, had heard loud voices arguing and yelling, and saw a person who "was shaking." 
 stated that between 12:30 P.M. and 1 P.M. on the day of the crime he heard gunshots and observed a person fitting the defendant''s description leaving the area of the victim''s building. 
 A person 
 That if a person 
 But in case a person in need of medical attendance is taken as a passenger on a sea voyage she must be cared for until the voyage is at an end
 Or a person who''s more racist (and/or race-obsessed) than he or she is aware of. 
 a person whom one has seen earlier. 
 other than an employee of the owner or registrant of a motor vehicle or of a person responsible for its operation with the owner''s or registrant''s express or implied consent  being in or upon
 There was evidence that the "night boss" was a person exercising superintendence. 
 Inc.  744 F.2d 293  295 (2d Cir. 1984) ("Even though a person is termed an agent, he may, in fact, act as such in some matters but not in others"). 
 You can find bitcoins in blocks of 25, and a person can earn them by winging it through the use of a 64 digit algorithm. 
he said the main test  main criteria for finding out if a person is dangerous is past behaviour ,that means if you have not done something by now you never will ,so let that calm you down . 
 Section 63A, as appearing in St. 1943, c. 542, Section 16, is transgressed when a person 
 Accordingly, a doctor will use x-rays, alone or with a blood test or bone scan, to confirm whether or not a person has Paget''s disease of bone. 
 to "keep Minnesota red beyond" the 2020 race  according to a person with direct knowledge of his comments. 
 I am a person who will take pleasure in making you feel things physically and mentally you didn''t know you could feel
 In order to get ordinary unemployment benefit (Subsídio de Desemprego) a person must have worked at least a year or made voluntary contributions for two years. 
 This mental disease is hard to deal with as a person and in family. 
 Its proved science that a person with regular $$$ and doing what he truly loves, is happier and lives longer, than a big $$$ who sold his soul. 
 Take that feeling and make it literal by designing a logo with a person or animal that is a star. 
 a person 
 The preparation of a person for this union is purity and love -- that is
 I even figured out how to have kids with such a person -- I stay up long enough for the two people to get ''em off to school, I sleep until time to go get ''em. 
 or that a person has contravened or failed to comply with an order made under the Competition Act. 
 The concept of functional limitation addresses the effect that a disease or condition has on a person as a whole. 
 Scams: The Hyderabad Police recently arrested a person for allegedly cheating several people to the tune of Rs 3 lakhs online on the pretext of selling cryptocurrencies. 
 (h) "Crematory operator" means a person who is engaged in, conducting or holding oneself out as engaged in or conducting, the business of cremation. 
 (d) "Full-time employee" means a person 
 At the time and place fixed for the holding of the meeting, the chairperson of the board of county commissioners, or a person designated by the chairperson
 (e) "Insolvent" means a person whose debts exceed their assets. 
 not a force but a person , a friend who I could tell anything to.'' 
 I think for me in particular, because I''m a person who does hold a grudge and does not forgive people, I found it a very challenging idea. 
 You do not have the right to assault and batter a person who merely speaks to you, or a lot of NY squeegee bandits would have gotten black eyes. 
 Megalomaniac: A person who is obsessed with their own power. 
 Did you know the turkish peoples originated to the north of china? i think it is very hard to say what a person 
 I''d rather see enforcement when a person attacks a commenter personally instead of criticizing what the commenter says  i.e.  attack the comment
 A person may be able to read or write and may be alert, yet not be able to retain new information or to remember past events. 
 The aldermen of any city except Boston or a town in which main drains or common sewers are laid may determine that a person who uses such main drains or common sewers in any manner  instead of paying an assessment under section fourteen
 On May 5, 1943, a Treasurer''s Deed to a Person , Land of Low Value conveyed the Bellevue Heights property to Eben D. Bodfish. 
 a person was born in Ireland. 
 Third, ultimately, I think how a person thinks of themselves (male, female, queer, intersex, non-binary, etc.) is between them and God. 
 (a) Notice to a person under this code or the sending of a document to a person 
 even if they have to resort to changing the person of ordinary skill into a person of ordinary inventor. 
 A person with dyspraxia may have a lack of manual dexterity  difficulty with typing  handwriting and drawing
 "Brahmanya" refers to a person 
 This sounds to me like someone has been letting these mothers slide for awhile, and an unnamed somebody – perhaps a person who has just replaced someone who has either died  retired  or quit – decided "Enough''s enough
 At one time not so long ago, thrift was considered a good quality in a person . 
 Your child will also have to identify a person /persons who will be willing to give her a reference. 
 In office situations in Japan where a person of higher status could risk losing face if a person of a lower status reject their request
 In many cases, it is safer for a person to be in a facility than living in a home where the senior may be along for many hours a day. 
 Even when there is no available insurance to benefit a person injured as the result of a motor vehicle accident in New York State
 There can be numerous claims made about the effects of detox diets on a person . 
 This is a story of depression a condition that reduced William Styron from a person enjoying life and success as an acclaimed writer, to a man engulfed and menaced by mental anguish. 
 This is the glory of a person who is surrendering their self to the Supreme Lord - that simply by remembrance of such a person
 For example, if a person is borrowing sugar he doesn''t have to measure carefully when returning the sugar. 
 But still, you can''t bunt just because the situation calls for it – you have to have a person in the batter''s box who knows how to drop one down. 
 Externally, a person would have to come through the login host polaris.cv.nrao.edu and then foundation.cv.nrao.edu 
 For a mere $10 extra, I''ll make the book out to you or a person of your choosing, draw a little picture in there, and sign it. 
 One drop made a person black back in the day. 
 This shows the important process that a person following the LAYA path goes through in their spiritual development. 
 Third Party Security Provider (PDF, 284KB) Use this form to provide details of a person or company whose shares or managed fund investments you will be using as security. 
 schools often ban mobile phones. in developed and developing countries alike  a person 
 This "proposal" would involve a person authenticating their Aadhaar to get vaccinated. 
 Don''t know if "beatport" is a person using the website for credibility or an actual agent from beatport. 
 I''m almost always amazed at just how ignorant many of them are, I''m not talking about ignorance, like a person who just isn''t informed, but ignorance to the point of self delusion and abject denial. 
 When contracted by a person living with HIV or AIDS, diarrheal diseases significantly raise their chance of dying. 
 The Bible shows that ''Elijah'' will be a person (see also The Elijah Heresies). 
 A person who attempts to make people involved in a conflict come to an agreement; a go-between. 
 Most often than not, founders may choose a person 
 Marijuana use disorders are often associated with dependence–in which a person feels withdrawal symptoms when not taking the drug. 
 For example, a person 
 The medical procedures in Mexico can cost dramatically less than they would cost a person in the United States, sometimes even if that person has insurance that just doesn''t cover all the costs. 
 iRJ: What were some of the albums that have affected you as an filmmaker and a person ? 
 All but one of the cryptic clues refers to a person . 
 Following his method of thinking, we might boldly claim that a person should be unproductive or that a person should not be productive. 
 Typically, doctors diagnose CSVD with an MRI scan after a person has experienced dementia or suffered a stroke. 
 Now, what could you possibly find wrong in a person like that? 
 There''s not always a person around to see them and when they do report them, they were often discounted by scientific journals, Freund said. 
 One of the largest misconceptions is that a person suffering from an eating disorder will appear overly thin, as anorexia is one of the most well-known disorders. 
 "He is a person of enormous character, integrity and principle. 
 Those "apocalyptic" (or "revelatory") writings share similar characteristics, including: accounts of a person receiving special insights into heavenly goings-on
 For peace you need to accept your other half as she or he is, a person refreshingly different from you. 
 An investor''s Get Back Coach doesn''t exclusively have to be a person ; it can be a financial plan  a predetermined risk appetite  a systematic approach to investing
 amongst many things  brings to the table a skill set to help their designers grow it seems a tragic oversight to hire a person with a low or moderate skill level in these programs. 
 Scientists say that that is approximately what sunset would look like to a person standing on KELT-4Ab, a gas giant located 680 light years away from Earth, according to The Astronomical Journal. 
 It controls emotions, desires and spirituality and an imbalance of this makes a person exhibit workaholic tendencies. 
 referring to a liberal who truly has some economic advantages – is when such a person makes a mess of things
 In a swampy field doctor- flies, horseflies to some, land on skin, ninety to a person , ninety saints at the door to the earth-spring, mystic hidden poem 
 that''s not it – a Person of Color (or  not to be so American English spelling normative  a Person of Colour): 
 My other cellmate was a person suffering from intense depression. 
 They might be tied to an email address, they might be tied to some sort of identity aspect of a person – they''re not just purely 4chan-esque where you can go in and invent your name and disappear off again. 
 There are no official guidelines for how much olive leaf extract a person should take, but human studies have suggested taking 500 to 1,000mg per day. 
 according to a person familiar with the matter. 
 A pedophile is not a person who would care about hurting a child. 
 Groves: "You wanted to be accepted as a person , and as a footballer. 
 And when they were asked, in focus groups, to describe who the paper would be if it were a person , they said to a woman: It would be a man. 
 the first thought that comes to the mind of a person in the East is that of discipleship. 
 A person in their sixties from the Regina zone has died, for a death toll now related to COVID-19 at 471. 
 If you''re going to attack something, attack an idea, not a person . 
 But ... I do believe a person has a right to suicide if they wish (many great philosophers have agreed)  and while I''m not suicidal now
 The late Judge Roscoe Wilkes notes in his book High Desert Tales, that if a person goes to the Million Dollar Courthouse in Pioche, ?then across the ... [Read more...] about Ma Steward?s mine 
 To better phrase it, the concealment of the Creator is known as "darkness, "since it arouses in a person doubts and incorrect thoughts, which are felt by him as the darkness of the night. 
 By learning Kabbalah, a person starts seeing the Upper world. 
 In that event, it will not be hard for a person to give his life for it. 
 That part is taught only after a person has acquired the flavors of the Torah  attained the structure of the spiritual worlds as well as one''s own completely
 we connect them together as managing the force of bestowal atop the force of reception and in that middle line a person builds his self. 
 It is like a person who inherited a few stalks of wheat from his father. 
 The intensity of the love between a person and the Creator is determined by the agony of one''s longing. 
 A person who decides to learn Kabbalah should know that it is for one''s own good. 
 The internality of a person is their internal task. 
 a person associated with a member
 While a person feels pleasure in some transgressions
 a person is in custody under a court order when a person is serving a sentence of home detention. 
 All the other qualities in a person 
 Unauthorized Use of an ID Feb. 4, 2020 A university shuttle driver confiscated a Carnegie Mellon ID card from a person fraudulently trying to use the card to ride the shuttle. 
 As stated earlier,the tenure process is in place to make a final decision as to whether a person keeps his/her position or not. 
 If the Secretary determines that a person 
 If the President has delegated to a person 
 Employment of a person 
 posted 01-15-2010 08:42 PM When a person wins the mayorial race, he becomes the Mayor. 
 except that such agent shall not be a person or entity other than a government  nor an affiliate or subsidiary of such a person or entity
 Racial separatist: A person advocating a separation of the races. 
 If a person contends that we need to discuss the many complicated consequences of liberalizing or restricting immigration
 A dark horse is a person or a competitor who has an unfathomable or indeterminate potential
 I responded to a question if a person should buy the 2000 or the JV series. 
 Even so, even if a person does everything right, cancer still happens. 
 Now they are saying we have computer effects now – there''s no need to use real guns, even if a person familiar with guns could detect it was a computer effect, and having guns on a set should be outlawed.. 
 Existence is the physical form and the return is a simultaneous moment when a person examines their identity in search of integrity or to face their doubts. 
 serious mental impairment: describes the condition of a person 
 Again, I just can''t believe that Picard would turn into such a person based on one incident
 Contract producer: means a person 
 A person shall not display a decal on a vehicle registration plate other than a decal approved by the department. 
 biofuel  biodiesel  alcohol  or alcohol derivative substances  or a person who produces, manufactures, or refines motor fuel or special fuel in this state. 
 harvest  marketing  or transportation of agricultural products by a person who cultivates  plants  propagates or nurtures the agricultural products including agricultural  horticultural
 (5) "Ohio-based business enterprise" means a person that is engaged in business
 until  if the bidder so awarded the contract is a person nonresident of this state
 Executive: when used to describe the powers, duties, or functions of a person or body elected as the county executive or a person appointed as the county manager or administrative officer
 (1) The board shall investigate evidence that appears to show that a person has violated any provision of this chapter or any rule adopted under it. 
 A person who acts for a living is called an .......... . 2. 
 Regardless of the nature or extent of the threat that a person perceives, the same test governs this first element of the defence in all cases. 
 (B) Every court of record or mayor''s court before which a person 
 For example, a person may ask how he can improve his situation at work or with his life partner. 
 Where you easily see an animal is not a person   and thus this primates are allowed to be in captivity  say like orang utans  and chimpanzees  but not humans
 First purchaser: means a person   public or private corporation  governmental subdivision  association  cooperative  partnership
 For a person to sell or deal in alcohol for beverage purposes without first complying with this title. 
 Registrant: means a person in whose name a properly registered vehicle is registered. 
 If a person 
 When I cast my ballot, I''m voting for a person , not a party. 
 A person who  with intent to defraud  or deceive  improperly influences
 begins or becomes vacant during a regular legislative session  the governor shall during such session nominate a person 
 A person injured or threatened with injury by an act declared illegal by this article shall
 (h) a person designated as a railway funding authority by an order under section 45(4); 
 (b) to be duly executed under the seal of the RPC, or to be duly signed or executed by a person authorised by the RPC for the purpose, 
 A person 
 A person wishing to obtain a guide dog in Belgium will usually be able to do so free of charge. 
 I feel like I am growing all the time as a person . 
 Spirituality, on the other hand, is the freedom a person can exercise in his or her search for the spiritual path that provides the lessons
 When a person is faced with a life-threatening attack, a jury in his future is preferable to pallbearers. 
 Within 30 days of accepting for foster care placement a person under 18 years of age whose father is unknown
 (Of course, to some degree whether a person 
 The time you put in is going to show the reward that a person deserves. 
 (d) If a person 
 Physician: means a person licensed under chapter 458 to practice medicine or licensed under chapter 459 to practice osteopathic medicine
 I was already thinking about her growth as a person because of her internal monologue about Kit, but there''s so much development that has nothing to do with him. 
 a person or firm other than the cemetery company or its agents. 
 Contributor: means a person who contributes to a pari-mutuel pool by engaging in any pari-mutuel wager pursuant to this chapter. 
 Certified residential appraiser: means a person 
 A person riding an animal; or 
 (b) A determination under Subsection (a) does not entitle a person who works less than 40 hours a week to the full state contribution to the cost of any coverage or benefits. 
 For the purpose of determining whether a person 
 a man whose credibility Putin seemed to interested in maintaining because he said [ a person connected to the Trump campaign] met with his relatiives (it was clear she wasn''t his niece) 
 But not just the importance of persona or charisma (or lack of such) in either helping or hurting a person , but also the importance of observing the reactions and biases of the people that are a part of one''s daily life. 
 Psychosis is a mental health problem that causes a person to lose some touch with reality and causes severe disturbances in behaviour
 (4) Notwithstanding ORS 479.540 (Exemptions), the charging station must be installed by a person that holds a license  as defined in ORS 479.530 (Definitions for ORS 479.510 to 479.945 and 479.995)  to act
 (e) In the possession of a person who is in any place in which a concealed pistol license is required
 if the employee sells marijuana products to a person 
 Rocket Italian is deemed to be one of the best methods a person can use when learning Italian as reflected by the product''s high ratings from its satisfied consumers. 
 The ordinary and the absurd also meet in ''On Becoming a Person '' in which the dog chews the last library copy of Carol Roger''s On Becoming a Person. 
 If there''s nothing that can be done to avoid that fate, how is telling a person this going to help that person? 
 including the driver  that is owned  leased  operated  or maintained by a person contracting with a railroad company or its agents  contractors  subcontractors  vendors  subvendors
 Practical strategies that may help a person who is struggling with self-harm include understanding triggers  and distracting
 so if you''re looking to hang by a pretty lake with nary a person in sight then this is your spot. 
 Farmers out sourced a person to take pictures of the car. 
 There is no restriction on the number of proposals in which a person 
 And if a person is an Arabic Christian, are they kosher by you? 
 (i) A person may not dispense a controlled substance listed in Schedule V and containing 200 milligrams or less of codeine
 If a person drove during this 12 hour window they were technically driving on a suspended licence. 
 Even if the data on the tapes was still any good a person might have a hell of a time trying to get the tape drive to work unless he had a working vintage PC laying around. 
 "Is a person with no arms or legs less of a person than someone who has all their limbs?" 
 a person 
 It takes Tiffany dropping one HELL of a comeback on the Duchess for her to realize exactly what kind of a person the Duchess is, and I love this description so, so much: 
 As a person 
 They selected as DCO a person who Sun Yang had complained about when she was DCA on a previous test. 
 But that there should be even be a person 
 Not wanting to change the very definition of a centuries old institution does not make a person anti-gay. 
 boast of his status as an academician or as a recognized artist  a distinguished citizen" if such a person willfully forgets or obscures truthfulness. 
 A person doesn''t just abandon things unless things really go too fast. 
 Normally, a person 
 which became the first in the world to be granted the same legal rights as a person last week. 
 A person can be healthy, a person , a group, a state, a nation, a region, a civilization can be peaceful. 
 not deserving any serious attention  the party staunch noted that only a person 
 If a business is carried on under an assumed name, it may be difficult for a person to ascertain who the legal entity is behind the business supplying the goods or services
 For instance, generally religious faith requires a person to believe things for which there is no evidence  or very little evidence
 By the same token, the church should not sacrifice the credibility of the worship service by using a person that shows no respect for the occasion in their appearance (clothing or weight). 
 Gender identity refers to a person ''s deeply felt internal sense of being male or female, regardless of their sex assigned at birth. 
 A person 
 How does one defend a person who you think is guilty of a monstrous crime with the goal to have an acquittal
 a drone must have directly located  assisted and/or rescued a person in peril. 
 That is, "not for any particular threat" If a person perceives an emergency, it sounds like more leeway may be given. 
 liberals wouldn''t be as two-faced if they didn''t fall for the notion that their left-leaning impulses somehow imbue a person with greater compassion, sophistication and tolerance than non-liberals and certainly conservatives. 
 I see no prosecutorial abuse, I see a professional attorney carefully walking through a person who was trying to cherry pick his memory. 
 Many psychologists used this test to find out the personality of a person . 
 If a person wishing to conduct the activity cannot obtain consent from the pipeline company
 1 person killed by BART train, another walks tracks A person 
 The notifier shall transfer the physical possession or control of the substance to a person who agrees to use it only to manufacture engine or transmission lubricant. 
 continued recognition of companion cards to allow a companion to travel with a person with a permanent disability at no additional cost. 
 On the contrary, " A person with a growth mindset his intelligence can be developed  embrace challenges  persists in the face of setbacks
 I also remember a person who used to randomly pick a verse and then apply it to his current situation whenever he had a question or a problem. 
 For me my purpose is to be a person for others by spreading compassion to make others feel seen. 
 He is known to be extremely loyal, aware of when a person is struggling and showing up to help unannounced. 
 If through imposed faith a person cannot face the various facts of life honestly and without prejudice
 "You have a fiduciary responsibility for shareholder value that precludes you from operating as a person who cares only about the science and experiment," he said. 
 with a real exploration of complex reasoning about the power of books and the ways reading can change a person . 
 Paragraph 307, Fifth Edition. 34 / Article 12 35 A video identifies a person whom presumably is a trusted employee or private security guard. 
 At this stage a confession is valuable; the confessor need not be a priest, but he must be a person 
 Whatever good intentions or experiences of a person or organization  if another person says that they''ve been hurt
 Meeting a new race shouldn''t feel like you''re just meeting a person who purchased a droid instead of the iPhone. 
 The old saying that you can tell a lot about a person from their clothing is about to get an update as digital health efforts look to embed sensors in garments. 
 "restricted dealer" means a person or company registered in the category of restricted dealer; 
 – the introduction of a mechanism whereby the cost of the legal aid granted can be recouped from a person charged and convicted of an offence if that person''s financial means substantially change." 
 A person aged 103 was on a trolley recently. 
 and there is provision there for circumstances where a person feels he or she has a requirement to do so. 
 Such a person 
 a person . 
 The difference between a person 
 I think it is sufficient that we have now before the Court, a person lawfully authorized to enter into the recognizance required by the Statute
 A person 
 then it would be necessary to prove the fact  that the defendant had been duly sworn by a person having competent power and authority in that behalf  but this is an affidavit made for a collateral purpose
 But it was not because if the depositions were before the Jury, and they would not put a person upon his trial
 But in reality, there are some questions that need to be raised about it, and it''s certainly not the only way that a person could talk about the unity of all the theologies of the Bible. 
 A person might want to contest a Will for many different reasons. 
 Like criminal acts, there are universal characteristics of a person with low self-control, including: 
 Even some local architects get caught up in designing and forget what people want – again should a person 
 it has no power in an accident yet needs power to operate and required a person to go down into the suppression chamber of a melting down reactor to attempt to manually engage the vents. 
 It basically goes like this – I have never thought my needs are valid, so I don''t articulate them, and then when a person doesn''t meet my needs, I harbor resentment and shut down, instead of saying something. 
 it can take a person all night just to land it in on cup and then toss it to another. its hard as hell
 A person 
 a person 
 It is difficult to part through someone who was formerly a part of that a person in which, but ... 
 I almost googled "how long does it take for a person to bleed out" but I''m at work and don''t need that in my search history. 
 A person who is "responsible for an applicant" can apply on the patient''s behalf. 
 A person that understands how to standardize and share printers & plotters  templates  pen settings
 How could we predict whether or not a person will develop breast cancer based on genetic information? 
 A person   usually a barrister
 Im like a person 
 he taught this truth to his followers so that they too would understand that dhammas are not self  not a being  not a person . 
 Runner definition, a person , animal, or thing that runs, especially as a racer. 
 To vote in a Municipal election, or a District Social Services Administration Board (DSSAB) election, a person must on Voting Day be: 
 Much of the success of this year''s shows was made possible by a person who is a real pleasure to work with--Adrian Wyatt, as Nimuë 
 It''s much harder for him to understand why his opinion is simply wrong, and seemingly silly to the seeing, than it is for a person with full, normal human color vision. 
 Baptism is a sacrement and as such sin of simony would be committed to charge to baptism a person . 
 Now by "smart," I don''t refer to a person 
 In most cases, full disclosure means revealing all that is known so a person enters the agreement with full knowledge of what that entry entails. 
 What makes a person attractive is not working on one''s weak points, but simply embracing them and seeing oneself through the eyes of love. 
 Therefore, now US administration defends a person , who is wanted to testify in two continents. 
 The best treatment for porn or any for of addiction is to walk a person in the Spirit of God. 
 Although he has never been a person of spiritual inclinations, he now felt a sense of emotional upheaval that took possession of him completely. 
 God the Holy Spirit is a person , but not a male. 5. 
 For one to say that a person 
 THAT her name was CARABOO; that she was the daughter of a person of rank  of Chinese origin  by a Maudin  alias  a Malay woman
 All of a sudden, while he was looking at the text, a big dark shadow of a person appeared and he couldn''t see anything. 
 It seems that the film version has presented a complex tropical scene with palm trees, bushes, and even a person on the left.... 
 The scientists fabricated blood and saliva samples containing DNA from a person other than the donor of the blood and saliva. 
 drunk  chewed and savoured  is a person practising clear comprehension; in defecating and in urinating  is a person practising clear comprehension; in walking  in standing (in a place)  in sitting (in some position)  in sleeping
 Other studies show that the same genes that make healthy cells multiply to make a person grow taller can also make cancer cells proliferate in tumors. 
 Arguelles and Arguelles (1985) say that mandalization of a person is ". . the sinking of the reflective roots of the mind into the core of being
 A person coming late from his work and tired from his busy schedule is sure to be a depressed and stressed soul. 
 I am not a person who sees conspiracy behind every wrongdoing  but as in Colombian writer Juan Gabriel Vásquez''s remarkable novel
 (2) A person who
 Confidence definition, full trust; belief in the powers, trustworthiness, or reliability of a person or thing: We have every confidence in their ability to succeed. 
 Still, a person covered is a person covered...no Medicaid update, however. 
 there may only be one or two recurrent paths that a person ever walks and rewalks and rewalks in life. 
 Under the Intoxicating Substances (Supply) Act 1985, it is an offence to sell any intoxicating substances to a person under the age of 18, such as solvent-based glues, aerosols, dry cleaning fluid, correction fluid and marker pens. 
 See how a person ''s captured by their name! 
 A couple of decades in California will do that to a person .) 
 For whatever reason, a person converted
 Everlasting life is non-negotiable life that comes to a person as a gift, its price paid by Christ Jesus'' death at Calvary. 
 How are you, as someone working with a person suffering from this psychosis, to ascertain with certainty that you are not the one afflicted? 
 1950 C.D. Broad''s "Imperatives, Categorical and Hypothetical" says " A person ought never to treat others in a way he would not be willing to be treated by others." 
 Knowing that situations change with the seasons, that a person doesn''t plow forever, that a person 
 In the period 1959 to 1972 when I lived as a person of this world  consigned by human birth to being a son of disobedience
 So the answer to why Adam didn''t chase away the serpent is found in the living inner self of a person that is the head of the person that cannot be directly attacked or tempted by the Adversary
 Are you such a person ? 
 Tanning beds found in indoor tanning salons make a person look tanned without hav... 
 With the campaign for Payá, we have not only stated our solidarity with a person that is firmly committed to the fight for Human Rights  but we have also expressed our support for the Varela Project
 Though, regarding risks there are zero whenever a person uses c... 
 General discussion: are we ready to have a person who becomes the public face of the OSI? 
 So, to achieve true spiritual healing, it will be important that a person 
 Its current meaning refers to a person who seeks to be, or is, a member of the upper class and looks down on lower classes, such as the middle class or the poor. 
 When a person has been born of God as a son  the living inner self is represented by the icon pneuma
 With this we can already create an object to represent a person like a student or coworker or site administrator or just some dreamer that complains about heat and many more! 
 Jack says he knows all this, but Ianto corrects him - Faith is the name of a person , the little girl that died and was brought back to life by a miracle. 
 just as the hours spent practicing the violin forever changes how a person hears things. 
 Such a person , oh Subhuti, has produced, and gathered safely into himself, a mountain of merit beyond any estimation. 
 But this brings up the question of how much a person is responsible for their own experience, particularly before Knowledge can arise within them. 
 Floating at the surface, the Pool Patrol PA-30 (about $189) picks up on the small waves produced when a person or animal enters the water. 
 Please note that Donald Keith Burleson is not related to Donald Gene Burleson, a person charged in Texas computer-related crimes. 
 But for instance you can have effects even after this life, for instance at the time of death it''s said that as a person goes through the death process they can have numerous visions
 When a person applies for land leveling work under NREGA that deed is not respected. 
 a person unhappy with results of natural aging process, such as loss of libido and wrinkles! 
 Over time, you will become a person of character, one to whom your spouse can safely entrust his or her whole heart and being. 
 It is very hard to pray for a person you are angry with. 
 The Scriptures seem to have been "revealed" to a person or persons in Oxford in the 1970s. 
 After the turning point when a person recognizes his/her dilemma and chooses to return to Spirit  spiritual development  or the spiritual journey
 A person who had gone through the rituals of resurrection "would be able, as the papyri texts say, to appear in any shape any day. 
 But of course if a person has a massive amount of the genetics of ''mankind'' you can''t get rid of it. 
 Even still, this lion who makes his home amongst humans has never threatened a person . 
 and the ham-handed pounding of a person in the throes of anger, hatred or revenge. 
 Such is a person ! 
 The reports, made available to the AP by a person familiar with the case who insisted on anonymity because of the documents'' sensitivity
 If a person doesn''t use the Internet, certainly, a loved one does, and can easily download and print information. 
 A baffling break-in at a local business leads Harry to further suspect that a person with malevolent intent lurks just out of sight: Something evil is afoot. 
 To retrieve a person in the water, reach out with an oar or throw a line they can grab. 
 You ́re losing it Brand; you ́re starting to think of that sword as a person . 
 When this occurs, with his mind centered upon Dhamma and purified by faith, a person like this may be reborn among men, even arise among the devas. 
 We have to be our best during that time-we have to be calm, solid, peaceful, and present in order to help a person dying. 
 Pregnancy in a person not able to consent 
 Antibody testing begins with a person infected with Zika virus infection. 
 -Albert Einstein [1] Like Albert Einstein, the Buddha was a person concerned with nothing less than the nature of reality itself. 
 It is needed to mention that sometimes a person 
 Victim to Gynecomastia more muscle mass with less training can help a person safely begin recovery and stop abusing drugs. 
 Pictures of hair makeovers to give you an idea of what a new haircut can do to a person . 
 After the Arrack Traders'' Association dinner dance, our reporter complained he was assaulted by a person 
 (44) A person given to misapprehending according to his individual views
 a person consumes (food, quickly... 
 A person with combination skin usually has dry skin around their cheeks. 
 "The position of the feet is the same as that of a person . 
 His fertile mind was looking to the future, calculating all the possibilities that might be out there – for a person who looked at the world just a little bit differently than anyone else. 
 When a person repays his debt to a banker, the money that was "typed into existence" for his loan is then "typed out of existence." 
 Upon entering the store, the clerk tells the person that they observed a person get into their vehicle while they pumped gas. 
 THAT''S A PERSON ! 
 Anger fractures the soul of a person . 
 The single most important step a person 
 financial control  property damage  social isolation and any other behaviour that causes a person to live in fear. 
 He gets inside her head and reveals the itchy desperation of a person who wants out of this illness but cannot find a way. 
 The novel begins with Pearl saying, "I am not a person of importance" (p. 3). 
 From the point where a person is considered for employment  through to when then they leave a company
 Treat the student having behavioral disorder just as a person who is deserves respect and kindness. 5. 
 When a person, company or other organization prevents a person 
 Before a person is saved it is impossible for him to live a holy life. 
 in one''s environment  team  relationships or home life trigger neurological and physiological responses that a person does not control, mainly due to stress and resistance to change. 
 I think it is because it was the first time I remember learning the message that a person can''t be happy when falling into the mold of someone else. 
 as a person and a music lover....all the sides of Jennifer, so that people get a sense of who I am." 
 including a basic knowledge a person 
 A person who takes on that name of Jesus Christ will keep God''s laws  he''ll obey Him in every way
 First a person may want to stay on the right side of the IRS. 
 A person 
 Can a person create a machine which is indistinguishable from a human, judging strictly from interactions with the machine. 
 Not a person ... http://fb.me/T1AKFC2d # 
 uh  that say they''d never met you  in fact  uh  but that you''ve helped them through difficult times  uh  there was a person who was involved in the military  uh  last name is G-E-N-O-V-E-S-E  page 524 of the ten-day packet that  uh
 assigns  heirs  distributees  spouses  parents  children  or controlled entities) - A person who  as of the Petition filing deadline
 Federal law mandates that a person 
 It was a reflection as a person in that I felt more confidence, musically and personally. 
 Instrumentality refers to the notion that a person will get a reward upon the satisfaction of the expected performance. 
 "M.C. Plays Hide and Seek: An Empowering Story for Healthy Children Who Care About a Person Living with Cancer  written by Eva Grayzel
 That willnot only make their relationship stronger but make her stronger as a person as an indvidual! 
 A person with 20 connections typically has access to 250,000 LinkedIn members. 
 This is an important topic for families with a person with mental illness even if they have done estate planning in the past since state laws occasionally change.. 
 when an activist judge ruled that the biblical prohibition against holding a person 
 Whether you were arrested for a crime against a person (like assault and battery)  a crime against property (like shoplifting  burglary  or arson)
 An atheist is defined as a person who does not believe in the existence of any gods.[ 
 Even assuming that a person named Jesus existed, there is no reason to believe that the Bible provides an accurate account of events in his life. 
 The second is a person who I suspect will also serve under him. 
 A person 
 but it would appear that visual inspection and local white opinion was utilized to determine whether or not a person was sufficiently white to vote  bear arms  hold office  or marry a white person (the laws varied from area to area
 That would be useful if a person wants to make, say, a ventilation tunnel through a level and use some alpha-built grates as windows (a la descent). 
 Avoid sharing towels, razors, silverware, toothbrushes, or other objects that a person with a cold sore may have used. 
 For example, if the job opening calls for a person with supervisory skills, you can arrange your functional resume to highlight that skill first. 
 but the work ethic  personal responsibility  and taking control of a situation are behaviors that will stay with a person forever. 
 Hobbies can help fill that time, reduce stress and slow down a decline in memory and thinking skills in a person with dementia. 
 or skills  or (dis)abilities  is avoiding a camera lens  or at the very least he won''t tolerate a camera with a person behind it. 
 the foot prints were up hill out of the slough and there was no way a person could have the lenght in stride. 
 A true MASTER CRAFTSMAN if you have never enjoyed a prized possession tuned by a person capable of getting every last ounce of performance out of your reel you are truly missing the boat  that''s all I can say
 Xai & Boo for namaka...for all the lols of the interaction of them being fair then and Xai''s inability to accept a person 
 He added that the longer a person fasts, the more risks he takes. 
 If a person is diagnosed with this condition, the chemical or drug should be discontinued immediately and avoided in the future. 
 a person ; as a way to gauge his sincerity with his political plans once he becomes the 46th U.S. President. 
 In Man of Steel, Michael Shannon plays General Zod with all the scenery chewing and over-the-top bravado a person could want from a comic book villain. 
 If a person 
 Now it is possible that a person had heard either the first thing or the last thing and he related and implemented either of the command
 who calls himself "The Best Ever"  as a fighter but said he was more impressed with Pacquiao as a person . 
 On the other hand, a person with very low self-confidence tends to underestimate his/her abilities. 
 I sleep lying down, pace upright, and when I lean I need a wall or a chair or a person to lean against." 
 Standing still however may cause the cougar to consider a person easy prey. 
 We either don''t share views of a person who proposed the issue or don''t see any action points that we could agree on or whatever else. 
 do you have evidence such as a call recording  something signed some evidence of who  when  how  and what you told a person . 
 Also: if a person should fall off the wall they can simply hide behind it. 
 Why do we accept it costs a gallon of fuel to move a person 18 miles in repetitive, congested travel? 
 Hey, he says, it can''t be much, and besides, a person has to have heat  you know everybody else is doing about the same thing...and true enough  that''s exactly it
 You might get some shedding from the jabbed, but that isn''t transitive - a third person can''t get jabbed from a person who''s exposed to shedding from a first.ie yes  you can get natural immunity IF you surviveYou can also get nerve  lung
 a person to the center of the earth; [fig.] astronomy; calculation; science; knowledge. 
 Yoga is a kind of meditation that has different forms of exercises which control the mind, body and soul of a person . 
 a person who just wants to live a normal life -- and Kristen Stewart''s performance in Spencer is the cherry on top. 
 It asks both the machine learning model and a person to try to predict the genre based on the picture of the cover. 
 I specifically have in mind a person in the government who since her elected post on February 6th  2015 as the Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament
 Even though it''s a single, constant drone tone that plays, wherever a person is in the room, up, down, this corner, that corner, the middle, etc., the sound seems to change. 
 The last people you ask to learn about a person is the family. 
 Another is a person I don''t know personally who landed in my lap through a Facebook post I made. 
 a person through other people". 
 As much as Ortiz grew as a player during her time at Lynn, she also grew as a person . 
 You may need to give goods back to a person or provide goods that directly or indirectly represent the stolen items. 
 The Gitā[3] declares that kāma,[4] krodha[5] and lobha[6] born out of the rajoguṇa[7] are responsible for a person to perpetrate evil deeds, thereby accumulating sins. 
 Benny seemed to be a person who was fun to be around. 
 The award is given annually to a person 
 And for such a person the bread of life, the Lord Jesus Christ, is adapted. 
 A Builder was a person who elevated the game and brought the status of hockey to a higher level. 
 A person or group needs to establish meeting rooms, identify facilitators, and schedule times. 
 In order to find a person in the census, you will need to know the enumeration district (ED) in which the person lived. 
 This is typical of a person with an eye on the right little finger. 
 In projection, a person blames someone else for his problem. 
 If only the birthday of a person is known without the year birthday (P3150) can be used. 
 I identify with a person who is in a full body cast, and request 10 months off, with full disability benefits!" 
 Jonathan, know that even with 4 almost 5 years gone by that seeing your mum-in-law as a person who sufferes will help your situation. 
 He''s been around for a minute and he''s someone I like as a person altho'' I hadn''t fully connected to him musically. 
 flush valves and related plumbing can cause injury or imbalance when a person leans back against them. 
 but disgraceful and ruinous vice;-- intoxication renders a person an easy prey both to ill-designing men and to the great tempter, who is ever on the watch to catch unwary souls. 
 Could then a person in this condition take anything into his head so unlikely  so extravagant? -- I  past the vigour of my age
 Ive learned that by hanging on to anger it can cause a person to stay in a defense mode all the time and not even be aware of it. 
 An intention tremor will cause unwanted movement in the affected limb when a person is using it, such as reaching for a cup. 
 There is also a law against killing a person but you can still buy a gun and shoot me. 
 as amended from time to time  on a person 
 See § 50-6-306(1), MCA (" A person may not conduct or operate an emergency medical service without first obtaining a license from the department." 
 As a person 
 Boy, things must just be going well for a person to have to work herself to obscurity with mundane jobs
 Satan can tempt a person to sin. 
 A person 
 Charlie Robinson wants to charge for his videotapes, but this is a person taking the position, "I charge for whatever I can get people to pay for." 
 "It is not only a lack of money that may make a person poor
 For a person traveling alone who gets a discount airfare  flying is often cheaper
 Non-members are more than welcome to stay - add an additional $5.00 per a person /night at check in or $20.00/night in a private. 
 In that sense (alone) perhaps there is a manner in which a person can leave it too late. 
 a person 
 A person doesn''t keep writing to someone without their having an idea why. 
 At last supper was brought in, and her servants waiting upon them at table, like a person of quality; Mrs Pierpoint every now and then drinking a health  sometimes to Mr Hanwell
 When a person 
 * Welcome to the 115th installment of The Quaz Q&A. This feature–a question-and-answer session with a person from sports/entertainment/politics/whatever–will appear every week on jeffpearlman.com. 
 A smile, an embrace – one of the real ones – a person who was fair, honest and humble. 
 Except as otherwise provided in this chapter, a person 
 Where can a person buy the rights to use the vocals commercially? 
 Arguing that "a pet is not just a thing but occupies a special place somewhere in between a person and a piece of personal property
 Migraine pain can stop a person from living a normal life, leaving them incapacitated for several hours or days at a time. 
 A person could reasonably implement an updated DOM supporting browser to support HTML5 without the video  audio  ECMA Script
 I would like to meet a person with whom I can share my life and build a family. 
 and a calibrated black body  a temperature reference tool that the software compares with the temperature of a person . 
 A statute is not vague if it (1) is sufficiently definite to give a person of ordinary intelligence fair notice that his or her contemplated conduct is proscribed by the statute
 I am a person that lives in a place. 
 A person who is drunk may be able to perform some functions but be unable to perform others. 
 "When a person is infected with COVID-19
 Thus seen, the attempt to prove the "Spirit" is a person because masculine pronouns sometimes are used in referring to it is neither scholarly, consistent, nor honest. 
 While a person might believe his or her own religion to be true
 Likewise, when I imagine a person suspended in mid-air, I like it... 
 In general a person is bound to what concerns one''s own well-being and fair treatment, rather than that of one''s neighbor. 
 Yet the energy that arises when a person is confronted by the harm and wrong in the world is also vital to the practitioner''s practice. 
 After a person has had one hypoglycemia unawareness episode, more are likely to occur. 
 Also a person who has given an oath of surety. 
 A person with capacity for life is a human entity with a calling who produces something. 
 {¶ 19} Perhaps we can glean from the definitions and the statute that the latter seeks to immunize a person or entity that would otherwise be regarded as taking responsibility for an equine activity. 
 The Holy Spirit reveals the way of salvation and performs the work of regeneration at the moment of salvation to take a person out of darkness into light. 
 You could, for example, learn to focus on other visual or verbal clues to identify a person . 
 For me, the actions of Stephen''s accusers remind me how easily I can slip from being a person 
 Cross Document Coreference (CDC) is the task of constructing the coreference chain for mentions of a person across a set of documents. 
 The Pedras de abalar, Galician for "oscillating stones", are several large stones that can easily be moved by a person or the wind in Galicia, Spain. 
 The stellarian identity expresses that a person does not feel similarity with feminine or masculine genders, alignments, or experiences. 
 To a person who does not believe in a hereafter this might sound like nonsense  but to one who does
 In the other extreme, a person may become catatonic, not moving or responding to others. 
 It is common for the mind to wander when a person begins to practice mindfulness. 
 "And to a person , everyone said we were a performing group meant to produce musicals and some plays." 
 (The return address label must include the name, address, and telephone number of a person knowledgeable about the shipment of the rabies specimen.) The package is ready to ship. 
 A person with INTERNAL reference of authority could often need to listen more to what others think. 
 Even the age and health of a person   his or her nutritional habits  hormone levels
 and maybe other situations  such as when a person is slandering someone (and Chapman presents a story about that). 
 SWAT officers were called after a person 
 I''m a person who gets bored easily. 
 a person is totally disabled
 First, if a person performs resistance training in a more intense fashion than they''re used to  this can lead to inflammation
 Even though Chile is divided into regions for local government purposes, the license plates don''t hint at which region a person is from. 
 Such a person was Christ, such a person was Buddha. 
 As you grow older as a person and as you get ahead in life it is important that a person is organized and has everything sorted out. 
 soul and body of a person . 
 A guarantor is a person who promises to pay and meet all the obligations of the borrower if the borrower fails to pay or meet those obligations. 
 Every putt inside three feet is good–we station a person at each hole with a "gimme stick" to measure. 
 If you are a person loving to experience the real action, check out our unique horse race betting. 
 As the energy is activated, a person becomes more intuitive and intelligent. 
 First, asymmetrically clean your filters and do a ''check interactions . However, when a person while tripping BILTRICIDE could be damaging to them. 
 I just don''t think I''m a person who enjoys consuming news through video. 
 Hugs are said to make a person fall less sick as they tend to show a person that he/she has got a greater support system which increases his/her morale and makes him/her healthy. 
 In the congregation was Amir, a close relative of the "extremist" and a person on the watch list. 
 then we can scoot the foot eliminating the stepping and allowing those with casts to keep up when walking next to a person without a cast and also would help speed up the healing process of the broken bone with no chance of reinjury. 
 3rd Degree Felony: A person who intentionally
 This seems a perfectly understandable reaction, such as one could expect also from a person in a similar situation. 
 The severity of the condition is worse the longer a person uses cocaine. 
 If a person follows the path of Bhakti Marga it is Bhagavan who takes charge and guides him
 Combining a rice was the, of best canadian pharmacy a person now for large express the brushes generic cialis canada base. 
 Anything done for or on behalf of a person who lacks capacity should be the least restrictive of their basic rights and freedoms. 
 This refers to behavior usually directed at a person or object that triggered an emotion. 
 One characteristic of human performance is that, after being taught several conditional discriminations, a person typically responds in very precise ways when presented to novel conditional discriminations
 There is undoubtedly, she notes, few things better than giving yourself to another person and feeling, in return, a person giving their entire self to you (except perhaps bearing and raising offspring). 
 I think we find it in Richard Wilbur, and he''s a person who''s unusually interested in smooth surfaces, in prettiness, in ways we can all get along. 
 do commercial channels mention the faith of a person who has committed a crime? 
 A cat usually makes better progress in illness when it is nursed by a person it knows, and in surroundings to which it is accustomed. 
 Here it is used in the context of a person who knows God''s will  but disregards it  which leads us to the analogy of verse 18 regarding foolish conduct
 and a bad neighbor  will go to make trouble for a person who never did him an unkindness
 I would have thought that a person taking a mortgage is responsible for the deal they agree to. 
 April 2003  255 pp. ISBN: 1893896889 When the people at her village including her father discovered she was a Trancer  a person with strong mental powers, they kicked Aria out of the town. 
 The legislative history also provided that a person 
 We met a person from England at Tahiti beach...many other countries have "Pet Passports"
 Where a person 
 In an outstanding practice manual on the subject, Prof. Alexander A. Bove, Jr. wrote that a trust protector is a person with authority over the trust, but who is not the trustee. 
 In our expression of gratitude, there is a flow of spiritual substance from us to a person or object. 
 Sometimes it''s referred to as the "boxer''s muscle" since it''s responsible for the movement of the scapula when a person throws a punch. 
 For instance, a person 
 When a person is looking to maximize efficiency or squeeze out every last 1/2hp
 The Orange Rhino: A person that parents with warmth and determination and who doesn''t charge with words when angry  impatient
 Identity theft occurs when a person unlocks someone else''s identity to gain money  goods  services and other benefits
 A person in debt is not free. 
 Now, you want to let a person 
 A person who is skilled at non-attachment still has hopes  fear  desires and aversions  but they aren''t attached to them
 One of those days always to remember, to bring a new person into the world or to take responsibility for a person , it''s nevertheless not an overnight transition. 
 Each entry for a person in the index frame begins with the proper name of that person
 Refinancing allows a person to maintain their home as long as a person wants, and a person does not lose equity in the deal. 
 These changes may be a sign that a person has or is at risk of having a specific disease or condition. 
 A deaf, dumb and blind person can also make a Will if they understand the provisions that are put in the Will but a person who is intoxicated and makes a Will then that Will is invalid. 
 We recently showed that clones of infected cells arise in the first few weeks after a person is infected with HIV. 
 If a person 
 experience  qualifications or aptitudes considered essential and desirable in the jobholder ( a person specification) 
 All the above definitions of honesty show that a person of honor has dignity and self-respect. 
 a person 
 It is a prescribed form through which the particulars of income earned by a person 
 I am quitting being a mom, but I am reclaiming, being a person as well. 
 Once a person goes up Darangshi or Saebyeol or Mulyeongari or Wondangbong or Jejigi, they will want to climb more. 
 a person walking conventionally
 Or is this some larger sociology experiment to see how much a person will endure?) This, the nice lady says, is almost the end of it. 
 I can tell you this of the experience: There is no end to the depth of the pools and reservoirs of strength that a person of faith can dive into. 
 It can make partner sex more comfortable, improve memory and concentration, and allow a person to sleep–arguably the most important part of a healthy lifestyle. 
 and the worst thing that could botter you is to get medical help for such a person . 
 Rather than taking a pill or having surgery, this requires effort and changes of a person that are not so easy. 
 She is being deported when there is no guarantee of her safety, particularly as she is a person who has been visible as a Vigil activist. 
 Sadly, this secrecy tends to lead to a future of carrying around guilt, shame, pain, and fear until -- if ever -- a person feels it is time to share a most intimate part of their self with others, in hopes of being loved more fully. 
 While water baptism does not make a person more saved, Paul treats it with great significance for the new Christian in Romans 6:1-14 (see notes). 
 If a person takes long pauses or has many of them while speaking
 Although we were able to hire a person without taking funds from C.K.
 And if they are, "What happens when a person allows their dreams to influence their own reality?" 
 something that recommends (or expresses commendation of) a person or thing as worthy or desirable 
 (1) When a person 
 Summary: This statute grants a person who forcibly breaks into a motor vehicle to save a minor or animal immunity from civil liability. 
 I now work with Katmai on Range maintenance and I feel a person generates their own luck and can never have enough friends! 
 The US president is–at least theoretically– a person worthy of admiration among Americans, a paragon of success. 
 they look forward on one hand.4 Tips For Successful Weight Lose Inspirational quotes work very well to inspire a person and support him or her conquer the hardest cycle of existence. 
 By contrast, the post-1980 censuses and the ACS record whether a person has "some college" or completed a degree. 
 generally indicating that the druid is a person of great wisdom of power. 
 The interior of the tomb that contained Jesus was big enough for a person or two to sit or stand in (Mark 16:5, John 20:5 - 6, 11 - 12), although it required a person to stoop down in order to enter it. 
 The fact of accepting sannyasa means that a person wishes to dedicate all the time left to him in this world to preaching. 
 An Implantologist is a man made replacement for the natural tooth root which allows a person to return to non-removable teeth or a more secure dental restoration. 
 A person 
 The sign that a person is passing from one stage to another. 
 Some reports indicate that a person that has no history of seizures can be triggered and have them even after stopping the drug. 
 Also, the younger and healthier a person is, the lower will be premiums associated with insuring them. 
 A call of a person shot was called into the E- 911 center. 
 (2) "Air ambulance registered professional nurse", a person 
 C. Whenever the board possesses evidence that indicates a person 
 (1)(a) A person is guilty of unlawful use of dogs if the person: 
 Another interesting statistic is that in the UK, on average a person buys some three new electrical products annually. 
 It was interesting to read the lengths a person would go to in order to achieve the goal of flying and being able to achieve what seemed liked lofty flying goals. 
 Rahu in 1st house if operating negatively and under negative afflictions can make a person "Narcissistic", self-obsessed and egoistic. 
 a person or domesticated animal or a person with knowledge of an assault or threatened assault against a minor
 "My dog picked up a funny habit of standing up like a person when he wants to see something better. 
 a person must possess proof, such as a birth certificate, of their current name. 
 A person can have more than one set of pronouns that they want people to use for them. 
 The heroine is what every lawyer should be, a person who takes care of her client even when that individual is no longer alive. 
 The movie is so intoxicated by her face and voice that if it were a person , we''d say it''s blushing. 
 a person who is ill  has a disability
 Visions are like the dreams humans experience while sleeping except they take place when a person is wide-awake! 
 Death Certificate is a legal document evidencing the death of a person and do have evidentiary value in the Court of law. 
 He''s not about securing America or Iraq or ''the region''- he''s about covering up just how inadequate he is as a person and as a leader with war, nonexistent WMD, fabled terrorists and bogeymen. 
 Drawing straws has been a classic method of randomly choosing a person from a group of people. 
" then "Melancholia " by my reckoning  is a movie about (and by) a person whose depression is so inescapably great and soul-destroying that it envelops and annihilates the world. 
 The commission is low and the cookie duration is short, but with a whole lot more items a person can buy while browsing this massive online store, you might end up with a considerable commission in every sale. 
 Defining Bulimia Nervosa: Bulimia is an illness in which a person binges on food or has regular episodes of overeating and feels a loss of control. 
 Causing Teshuva Bring Wisdom A person that causes people to repent merits wisdom. 
 These are: "direction – what a person is trying to do; effort – how hard a person is trying; persistence – how long a person continues trying." 
 a person . 
 Add elements of a person at their weakest  most tired and fed up state
 Can a person make money writing reviews for sites? 
 Science is, in fact, the one domain in which a person can win considerable prestige for proving himself wrong. 
 Various medical conditions can arise when a person is dangerously intoxicated. 
 To be validated both as a person and a therapist. 
 This can help a person with substance use disorder begin new friendships and bonding experiences. 
 Hindus believe that if a person is cremated in Varanasi, the deceased will achieve release from sufferings of the cycle of birth and death. 
 (c) any reasonable precautions that a person whose animal is causing the nuisance has or has not taken to avoid or minimise the adverse effects
 By knowing in advance that a person has all of the genetic components to advance science or culture
 Poor bloke might end up homeless... of course u and i dont know his financial situation but I personally knew a person who lost literally everything only thing his wife let him keep was his 1990 ford pickup truck
 Because of its subliminally psychedelic effect, cannabis, when pursued as a lifestyle, places a person in intuitive contact with less goal-oriented and less competitive behavior patterns. 
 When a person makes a sexual pass at a co-worker and receives a sexual harassment charge, is that person on the sex-offense Registry? 
 In Minnesota, an unprovoked dog that chases or approaches a person–including a person on a bicycle  upon the streets  sidewalks  or any public or private property
 If a person does not have a "self
 From there they can control any sense that they want, including manifesting pain and changing what a person sees, smells, or touches. 
 Abuse a person mentally or in any other fashion and then claim they are crazy and insane for reacting to the Abuse. 
 I just can''t understand why a person would spend money on someone that would tell them things they know. 
 Child Welfare  Gay Rights  Women Rights  Dignity  etc. Social Justice  for me personally  means that a person is able to dream the biggest dream and become everything they''ve ever wanted to be, no matter how big their dream may be. 
 The wife of the painter stood like a person transfixed; Elvira  looking into her eyes
 A person commits aggravated cruelty to a livestock animal who  in a depraved and sadistic manner
 People are not built of glass and even if a person is disappointed, they will recover. 
 According to a study conducted by researchers at the Wake Forest School of Medicine, if a person consumes an average amount of 2.5 servings of whole grain food daily
 Third, Angela, what kind of morality do you have as a person to maliciously say that you hoped I "...enjoyed the aftermath of your bites :)." 
 That is sad to hear Optimus,yes miracles do happen especially to a person who gives and shares. 
 According to Virginia law in 1860, a person with but three "white" grandparents was a Negro; in 1907
 The concept of whether a person 
 As the addition of the term ''execution'' suggests, Article 15(a) QD also encompasses the intentional killing of a person by non-State actors exercising some kind of authority. 
 a person playing bagpipes and a person who spotted the Loch Ness Monster. 
 What happens in those few hundreds of milliseconds between a person asking a question and receiving an answer? 
 to that the Rabbi from Kotzk said: "If in order to learn about our world (the world outside the house of study)  a person is required to stop his Torah learning, it''s like that until today he did not study Torah at all." 
 It means voluntary agreement by a person 
 "If a person does something detrimental that causes a direct or indirect problem to your neighbors, you are responsible." 
 and she immediately pushes back  accusing Whitfield of "going negative" and saying  "You are not the one to interview a person who does humor." 
 If she isn''t in a body of water, though, she can pull water from the nearest source, even if that source is a person . 
 I saw a person that had titec titanium handlebars. 
 Month-to-month leases or subleases can be a great help to a person who is moving to a new area. 
 A person 
 In my view a person 
 Unfortunately Ackerman is just about the biggest jerk a person could ever have for a boss. 
 What are some methods for a person to overcome feeling stuck because of a pay gap? 
 She doesn''t cause it to down south often so catch the show a person can! 
 How to remove a person from Google+ circles Your entire contact list on Google+ is managed through the circles. 
 However, some will write an endorsement that sounds like the "Model of a Letter of Recommendation of a person 
 These principles do not in themselves determine when suicide is permitted, or even incumbent on, a person , and when not. 
 but I''m here " offers a live connection; a friend who is mysteriously absent is an additional drain on a person who can ill afford more sorrow. 
 "suspect"  "reasonably suspected"  and "reasonable suspicion'' '' mean a basis for reporting facts leading a person 
 i think he must not be given a passport. because he is a person 
 Research shows that colors have deep impact on the psychology and actions of a person . 
 Nothing matters, except that she is a person . 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary, a person receiving an annuity may waive monthly annuity payments or a cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) for periods of time
 In the case of a person diving from a boat, the license may be kept in the boat, or in the case of a person diving from the shore, the license may be kept within 500 yards of the shore. 
 A person who has become wealthy over time possess these three qualities: 
 a person could say: "I don''t like the way that outfit looks on her." 
 These specks are beneath the epidermis so a person is unable to scrape away these specks with just a finger nail
 Exempt profession. – Sections 346.010 to 346.250 shall not apply to a person who is a physician licensed to practice in Missouri pursuant to chapter 334. 
 It''s an accolade given to a person in the entertainment industry whose has made a great contribution to film. 
 a person uses to think with)  circle of excellence (also called ring of power)  goal setting
 The death was due to a person undergoing any treatment or procedure of a medical or similar nature. 
 Assuming that a Christian is a person who believes in the deity and inerrant authority of Christ
 While a private citizen is only required to prove that a person acted negligently in publishing a defamatory story
 Even if no endangered species permit is required under 29.604(6), a person would have difficulty meeting the licensing standards under the captive wildlife chapter. 
 While he used to brand a person as "useless" when they weren''t being helpful, the changed Lucifer now looks for redemption in these people. 
 To try to control them, a person will feel an overwhelming urge to repeat certain rituals or behaviors called compulsions. 
 (a) For purposes of this article, a registered veterinary technician means a person who has met the requirements set forth in Sections 4841.4 and 4841.5
 In the simplest example of an economy (the "[[Robinson Crusoe economy]]"), a person can spend [[time]] producing consumer goods and consuming them. 
 A person 
 He supported the idea of limiting the time during which a person can occupy a public office by two terms and reinstate gubernatorial elections. 
 This meant a person could listen and talk at the same time. 
 Yes, finding a job we love is like finding a person we love. 
 The 1 oz. tin will usually last a person for years as only a very small amount is required to re–lube o–rings. 
 When a person sleeps, nocturnal leg cramps can occur and can bring about nightmares instead of a good night''s sleep. 
 "Where once (under the old CDEP), a person was an employee, they''re now a welfare recipient. 
 He requested that there be a no standing sign outside of the deli near that intersection since a person who parks outside of the deli makes it difficult to pass. 
 However, Keto Blaze Diet a person have think a person reached ketosis (the state where yourself is burning fat as an energy source)
 Gabriel Fowler says: "Lisa is a person who has not made that much work, but what she has done is 100 percent awesome. 
 It is revealed that there is a person upstairs that needs to get up. 
 Then we can simply selectively sharpen something in our image, a person , an animal, eyes etc., to draw more attention to that particular part of an image and add more impact. 
 I have no idea what the cost of attendance will be at this time but a person can now at least plan for that time and make travel/accommodation bookings if required. 
 I use mathematics to study infection disease dynamics and immune cell function inside a person . By applying mathematical models  I explore how viral infections such as HIV change over time
 a person who had made a difference in their lives and who had inspired them. 
 306] Circuit courts are divided over whether a person 
 Ong said the legal fraternity continues to uphold the principle that a person is innocent until proven guilty, hence Jho Low should not be unduly worried and just return home. 
 A person should make sure that his/hers beliefs can be supported by the Scriptures, for there is only one true faith. 
 Whether a person brings benefit to New Zealand has a potential pathway toward residence 
 Hardcore, a person who doesn''t fall to society''s norm. 
 And right after a person dies, or should I say soon after a person dies because funeral issues come first, the survivors encounter the world of Probate. 
 I wonder if its that people choose to end up where they are, or its just blind luck, a person 
 a person who is not blind or disabled. 
 This is to point out a person 
 a person gives consent by being worn down." 
 I also have been faced with obstacles in my life due to my appearance as a person of color, and I''ve had to come up against a lot of things as a result. 
 And for a lot of us, running into those messages (and really just existing as a person in the world) can lead to some days of feeling blah about our bodies. 
 I also certainly don''t think that someone talking that way is a signal of a person who is seeing you as a whole person ir is likely to have any respect for you. 
 Tumtum (טֻומְטוּם "hidden"): A person 
 "I am not a person who likes to take medicine, but I was always popping Tylenol," Landrum says. 
 As a person with MG
 a version was made that only allowed interaction with the content of the presentation from the link and didn''t allow a person to say, snoop in a persons computer or say, write to the users device, then such concerns could be avoided. 
 It enhances mental and physical abilities of a person . 
 This also is one of the words customarily used in the promise given by a person who is affirmed as a witness,–-"sincerely and truly declare and affirm." 
 We listened to and reflected on answers by considering which would be the most important when describing a person for recognition? 
 The author has now both slept with and fallen in love with a person without knowing their gender. 
 Askhole: a person who constantly asks your advice, but does the complete opposite. 
 The Bottom Line is a person sitting in traffic now  has to Use Manual Controls  to switch on the AC on and Of  making sure the Motor is on  
 The above is from a WW discussion, and a person named Fowler is referenced therein as well. 
 Foreign Exchange Management (Issue and Transfer of Security by a Person Resident Outside India ) Regulations 2000 d. 
 institution  etc.  who or which can be easily controlled or manipulated; a person with no self-will, individuality, etc. 
 Would this get main stream media coverage,is or would it be a big deal,Im just curios, A person I was friends with went a million miles in a volvo and it was major news everywhere. 
 But the funding bill explicitly states that "nothing in this act shall be interpreted to entitle a person ... to lawful permanent resident status." 
 Describe a moment when you met a person whom you were longing to meet. 
 Such a person 
 For example, if a patent application has 20 claims, a person need only be involved in the original conception of one claim to be considered an inventor.7 
 So what gives a person the right to turn up to a small developing bouldering area on PRIVATE property, to then go glueing holds back onto rock? 
 Maybe viewing car guarding as a suitable aspiration for a person of colour is one that belongs 20-30 years ago. 
 This guarantor should be a person who owns a house. 
 Now you can lose face or a person in your photos online  without downloading any program  everything from the same browser and from your mobile
 A person who entertains you is a person to whom you''re listening. 
 (Comer 2011) Stress can definitely be a factor in depression, a person that experiences lots of stress in their life  especially over short periods of time
 Also, you won''t be wasting your time with a person who isn''t too excited to see you in real life. 
 Mentoring will take a person farther than a college degree will do! 
 Most probably, it has absolutely nothing to do with you as a person or potential partner, and everything to do with him being, well, lazy, basically. 
 An Augmented Reality scout is a person who is equipped with an ultra-m... 
 Don''t judge right off the bat without all the information, and don''t assume that not knowing something makes a person an unsuitable pet parent. 
 As a vast simplification, imagine that a person is in either one of two states – they either have CFS/ME or they do not have CFS/ME. 
 For example, a person who smokes 40 cigarettes a day will find it much harder to stop than a person who smokes 5 a day. 
 And it would be cool to give a person reigns over a character that way. 
 Unfortunately, while it has the face of a person its mind is still clearly very rodent-like. 
 I guess you can say i wear my emotions on the sleeve i get very sensitive, than getmad but i am also a person who will easily forgive the person and try to work it out. 
 So completely exclude a person from the management process is unlikely. 
 I agree that obsessing over all of the technical vegan stuff can make a person choose not to be vegan. 
 "Religious ritual includes eulogizing a person . 
 Augmentative Communication Community Partnerships Canada, 2008 Etiquette for communicating with a person who uses AAC. 
 This includes patterns of behavior, interaction, consumption, work, activity and interests that describe how a person spends their time. 
 a person 
 An ad hominem attack is against a person , regardless of the position they are taking. 
 In turn, scope limitations can be positive (''do not kill a person '' necessarily excludes mosquitos) or negative (''do not kill animals except insects'')
 So now for me, a sex god or sex goddess is a person that consciously creates a multi-sensory and meaningful sexual experience. 
 Vashikaran is the art of hypnotism that is done to hypnotize a person and make him work according to your desires. 
 TNP can explain why it is that he or she thinks he or she can gauge the intelligence of a person by observing their face and movements, or, TNP disagrees with the premiss. 
 If a person claims to be healthy that means his immune system WBC should be optimum level along with heart bit, BP and blood sugar. 
 Balances being the town''s vet with the much harder job of trying to improve Alexis as a person . 
 Philanderer, on the other hand, means a person who is unfaithful or promiscuous  which  if you''ve seen the show  turns out to be true about Michael Scott''s character
 a person that can turn stainless steel into katana. 
 If a person reduces his speed by 2/3 of his normal speed then he takes one hour more in walking certain distance. 
 The President Martelly said that for each position, if a person wants the job, he will give the job to the person but with "a pair of handcuffs." 
 The beauty of a piece, much like that of a person , reveals itself through the process of ''getting known.'' 
 a person   or class of persons  to administer  manufacture
 "But the biggest part of it is just listening and trying to put a shape on what''s after happening for a person ." 
 And whenever a person becomes absolutely certain about death a flame arises on his face -- you can see it. 
 On a row of data i have a ID number in column A and date joined in column M. Sometimes a person 
 He''s a person that seems to want to lead from the front, but doesn''t set the tone with his fitness and preparation beforehand. 
 a person has engaged in conduct that may constitute a violation of Federal criminal law. 
 I pretty much stopped the blogging tear I was on because I began this "job" redesigning a website from top to bottom for a person who posted an ad on Craigslist... 
 Judgements 3694 and 3699 actually show the problem with ILO," wrote a person in response to this. 
 A person senselessly killed. 
 I liked that he''s still a person i enjoy being around. 
 A person commits unlawful use of body armor when he or she knowingly sells  transfers  purchases  possesses
 Garrett is right out of central casting – a decent, middle aged woman who was tired of being humiliated by a person with unlimited and unquestioned authority. 
 We got to know him as a person and became friends with him during that time. 
 She seemed depressed, but glad to see a person who paid attention to her for a few minutes. 
 Additionally, the most enticing aspect of chatting with a person over the phone on the subject of sex is precisely because they can be anyone  do anything
 So although the identification of a person by race is far more fluid and flexible in Brazil than in the USA, there are racial stereotypes and prejudices. 
 A person how he can juggle with balls, 
 Yesterday I received an email forwarded to me, by the novelist Susan Johnson, from Tali Lavi, a person in Australia who is attempting to add the donation of books to the list of goods previously mentioned. 
 For instance, a person goes on a journey, and finds snow on the way. 
 A person who becomes heartbroken loses his self-confidence for the rest of his life. 
 Could one think that one could ever hate a person and that that hatred does not come back? 
 How is it possible that I have become a person who travels with four different power cords? 
 A Miss Vellum, for example, '' a person 
 "Arun Jaitley is a very good friend of mine but you can''t have a person handling both the finance and the defence ministries
 The CC&R establishes monthly dues for all homeowners, and can restrict the rights of the way a person can use his or her own property or joint property. 
 and were provided with three meals  and the total bill for the trip was 750 baht a person (less than US $20). 
 Help the heart while doctors decide if a heart transplant will help a person . 
 If a person to whom an order is directed under section 13 fails to comply with it, the director may 
 Without limiting the conduct prohibited under subsection (1), a person is deemed to be hunting at night if 
 A person 
 usually made of lead (but also other metals  less commonly)  that bind or curse a person or thing. 
 Everything that a person does online involves downloading: 
 When a person is sentenced to confinement for a State Jail Felony offense, the sentence is served day for day. 
 A preventive quarantine order may require a person to do one or more of the following: 
 The Los Angeles Police Department will begin testing a device designed to ensnare a person from a distance  giving officers an alternative to firing a Taser or a gun
 More so, fewer employees preferred being tested by a person known to them while some declined the HIV test because of fear of positive HIV results. 
 such as whether a person smoked. 
 Having a person 
 To this day, Carlos Gardel is remembered as a person who played an essential part in tango history. 
 The court may order a person 
 I think it quite revealing of a person when they *in a discussion of ideas*  refuse to discuss the ideas in logic
 Very often a person does not give in owing to fear  doubt  or lack of confidence in himself
 a person would need if they were to find the role enjoyable and fulfilling. 
 It''s the most fun "roleplay" a person could ask for. 
 However, the law would still apply that a person under the age of 18 cannot hold a tenancy in their own right. 
 " A person like me, getting up in years, got drowned in all that information. 
 and a correlative responsibility on the part of other persons not to hinder or prevent a person from performing the good action in question. 
 The peculiar form, long wings, and large fan-like tail of the Anhinga, would at once induce a person looking upon it to conclude that it was intended by nature rather for protracted and powerful flight
 a person who won imperishable renown  and the undying affection of the small Briton of to-day
 They believed the essence of a person and their magicks were related and fully quantifiable. 
 The documents created or received and accumulated by a person or organization in the course of the conduct of affairs, and preserved because of their continuing value. 
 Punk, (punk) n., A person into the punk music scene; a coward; someone who deliberately attempts to annoy. 
 This is like a person doing everything he possibly can to cover up recurring spots without seeking the source of those spots. 
 The doctor explains that pneumonia can be very dangerous when a person is 80 or older (she later reveals in the book that she is 86)  and therefore
 And, after a night in his "humpy", you see, A person of orthodox habits would be Refreshed by a dip in the ocean. 
 So what that''s taught me is how to handle myself as a person in this business. 
 a person who has DNA and the like. 
 However, a person 
 Punctuality is a cardinal virtue, and the earlier a person learns to be punctual the better it is for him. 
 A person by virtue of diminished mental capacity may in fact be culpable of sin
 Chemotherapy, radiation to the brain, and even some antibiotics can lead to high-frequency hearing loss (when a person cannot hear high-pitched sounds), tinnitus (ringing in the ears), or dizziness. 
 It means that a place, a person , a thing, a time, or an event is made separate for God''s purpose. 
 Sara, cousin, UAE There always should be a sin or at least a reason to arrest a person . 
 An emotional disposition which permits a person to exhibit fun  mirth and jocular interaction with others  supported by framing cues such as smiling  laughing
 A person in power should be constantly aware of temptations to corruption. 
 Therefore it is quite obvious that in this generation if a person really wants to do Teshuvah he should not have to do the above listed tikkunim. 
 You can plant fleas in letterboxes like hitchhikers, or on a person like a traditional cootie. 
 Bring your stories as a person directly targeted by fatphobia  bring your thoughts about how fatphobia can be better addressed in medical settings
 The couple are prepared, by such an act, to welcome a child into their own relationship, and to treat him or her as a person equal in dignity to themselves. 
 I. Be a Person of Your Word. v12 
 has performed the visual equivalent of jumping over a 100 ft fence  is not a person who''s word can be doubted. 
 Paragraph 57 states " A person may forgo extraordinary or disproportionate means of preserving life. 
 If a person can''t navigate now with the multitude of mapping systems out there, creating one more isn''t likely to change anything. 
 Groomed by his fellow in-mates, The All Saints, he acquired a new mind set, transforming him into a person who would do what many would not. 
 Fundamentally, a person who is upset and trapped in a crisis wants to reestablish stability in his or her life. 
 In some jurisdictions, low levels of risk with a non-violent charge allows for a person to be released shortly after an arrest without seeing a judge 
 creative and physical – that are now recognized as areas in which a person may be ''gifted''. 
 " Better than a hundred years in the life of a person who does not comprehend the Noble Dhamma (Dhammamuttamam), is a day in the life of one who comprehends the Noble Dhamma. 
 You see if the bottom line is profit, Jesus asks the question, " What does it profit a person , if they gain the whole world, and lose their soul" Its time to put the soul back into business. 
 If you pay someone to go, first check that he is a person who has fear of Hashem so his prayers will be accepted. 
 A field, a room, a person left alone and unattended, fall apart. 
 In August, a person or group going under the name ''ShadowBrokers'' claimed to possess files belonging to the Equation group. 
 Leigh''s placement of Silence accentuates the marble''s whiteness in representing a person of color, especially considering that the ancient Roman busts were originally painted in a range of skin colors. 
 As a portrait of a person of courage and conscience the film is compelling, but there is no real critical analysis of Ai''s work or activities. 
 Accordingly, if a person has symptoms, he is supposed to go to a medical facility and start the treatment procedure. 
 water and crucial medications like insulin or heart medicine are now being withdrawn to make sure a person dies sooner rather than later or does not continue to live with a diminished quality of life. 
 5 The Hebrew word ezer which is translated as "helpmate" indicates the assistance which only a person can render to another. 
 but refuses to use only those criteria to determine the "death of a person "
 It is however said that if a person is excited to speak in a podium or write an exam his palm can sweat. 
 Dr. Bhaloo explains: "When the breakup is a surprise, a person is left with making sense of things alone. 
 "There''s a difference between a person 
 a person in 2012 talks about an elementary school kid. 
 and so it is necessary to take up this problem from the viewpoint of social ethics: the human individual is a person and therefore social; a human being is no less social than rational.[ 
 A person built several decent things at this time there. 
 A person would walk into an arena unsaved and walk out of the arena saved. 
 In human suffering a person is moved toward God or far away from him. 
 Regardless of anyone''s credentials, never accept a person as an authority until you are certain that he can cause the desired results. 
 As a party, we affirm our position, that we are not fighting president Kagame as a person ; instead we are fighting the entire RPF rotten system of which President Kagame is a part. 
 awareness and understanding of an individual or organisation  or determines what capacity a person , project or organisation requires. 
 How can a person be a witness for Jesus today? 
 Leila The Woman wove so closely to reality, it was hard to determine if a person could wear womanhood. 
 "If a person supports euthanasia and assisted-suicide through the illicit rejection or removal of a feeding tube
 The first page in the health app is a step tracker and calendar, activities a person would check with some regularity. 
 Solicitors, also called attorneys, could act on behalf of another person, hence the term "power of attorney" for what a person may assign to another because they have lost the capacity to handle their own affairs. 
 You know it is funny that a person who is a name fraud would suggest this. 
 @42 "If you hate a person , you hate something in him that is part of yourself. 
 A person 
 Thus, the cause of poverty is precisely these economic and political conditions which allow a person to become economically prosperous. 
 The bill provides that 18the provision does not apply to a person 
 Perhaps if a person had endless resources to fix problems  then it would apply
 You are a dependant if you financially depended on a person , either fully or partly, at the time of their death and: 
 ORS 368.336 specifies that a person owning property that abuts either side of the road is an abutting property owner. 
 Before we can grasp the essence of a thing, a person ,ourselves-change has happened. 
 A linguistics and education professor at Michigan State University said that asking a person to repeat themselves due to their accent is a form of "linguistic racism." 
 We do not play favorites with humanity, we don''t care what religion a person is, we only care about whether or not their rights are being violated, hope that helps. 
 But those anonymous posts that provided information a person 
 Keeper resolved that the sum of £50 be allowed and paid out of the public treasury for the hire of a person to take care of the lighthouse for the first year to begin when the lights are set and kept up
 However, when a person 
 because they are good people with the intent of inclusion  understanding and truly valuing a person and their life. 
 A person can only participate once (anywhere in the state of South Carolina). 
 No restrictions on how many guns a person may buy (in some cases now it''s one per month). 
 A person selling that would probably be happy to get about $1600 a pound. 
 Mary, as a person who always appreciates your work  and think very highly of Palestine Think Tank
 When a person walks into my gallery, I want them to feel as if they were stepping into a friend''s home. 
 For two years after leaving state service, a former state officer may not "represent, advise, or assist a person 
 So, what can a person do to be more memorable to others, especially if she/he might naturally be more of an introvert? 
 An Intervention Order is a Court order which puts restrictive conditions on a person , the Respondent, so that another person, the Applicant, is protected. 
 contradicts  or disregards the emotions  feelings  or experiential reality of a person of color. 
 A person who has made a decision that translates into a love of the moral good (the common good  the good of all human persons
 Also, many specific questions are not known by Billy, also it is difficult for a person 
 The future of a person can be highly modified if you teach something
 If that is the case, here is my answer: First of all it is completely logical that the more a person knows about all aspects of himself, the more effective that person will be in improving himself/herself in all ways. 
 Never, ever, in my wildest dreams did I think I would see a person snap like this woman does, all while being recorded. 
 Whether a person 
 That''s why they post up their name everywhere.and a person with art in his. 
 Does this mean the home pyramid will allow a person to achieve a meditative state quicker? 
 Basically, the butterfly-feelings ''being-in-love'' or having a crush on a person is very often self-delusional, and based on wishes and unreal thinking. 
 Without being able to effectively search a person and come up with the illegal contraband that is required to prosecute a case
 Their machines can detect a person''s internal bodily functions with far greater sensitivity and precision than a person can alone. 
 It is how you control those emotions makes a person stand out and makes them a better human being.joe 
 In my opinion there is nothing wrong with a person venting his / her opinions and thoughts about the spirit teaching
 -So are we to understand that the god of the Veda doctrines does not endorse a person forgiving themselves or another? 
 The Minister may apply to a court for an order to remove an ''aboriginal person'' or a person 
 If I were planning "The 9/11 Attacks War Game Scenario", I would CERTAINLY put a person 
 All sets bar the animals should represent something that a person does that allows them to express their personality. 
 For example a person who sorts beliefs in terms of brightness, would make a belief less certain by making it more dull and dark. 
 a person . 
 End-of-life care is appropriate when a person or their family knows end of life is nearing and time is limited. 
 If you care for a person with limited or no vision
 Some theories of personality disorder view it as developmental delay, which a person may be able to grow out of. 
 This vulnerability can be exploited by a person 
 His rigorous training methods and dedication to a range of roles make Mark Wahlberg a person the WWE would benefit from, and hopefully it would stop him making Transformer sequels. 
 There were, though, "wet footprints" where a person might have stood. 
 And yet, here''s what I found out: Photoshop is not only used to slim down a person . 
 "I can''t tell you--except that you look like a person who has been to Gardencourt." 
 or who they would be as a person if they were not part of the relationship or group. 
 If grown locally, a person within the community will be supported and promote farming on Long Island. 
 Under Armour founder Kevin Plank is a person that you may not be familiar with unless you are tuned in to the highly competitive athletic apparel industry. 
 Garrido, who was on parole for having kidnapped a woman in the past, became a person of great suspicion when he was spotted on a University campus, walking hand-in-hand with two young girls. 
 A person 
 For example, 84% say being treated like a person – not a number – is very important to winning their business. 
 According to Mr Tanzer, there are rules in place now where a person can set up a self-managed super fund to get a loan to buy an investment property that is held in a separate trust account. 
 La Volpe Ristorante - Center Moriches For just $60 a person 
 lakshmant, the whole forum must be really greatful yo you for the informations u provide.for a person like me with less technical knowledge & more enthusiasm, this is so worthy thank you very much, dennis 
 I''m a person that prefers the eyes-wide-open approach to life. 
 small children crept in  playing games with string trying to tie the bones back into a person 
 The penalty for possessing either a gravity knife or a switchblade can vary, but the majority of the time, a person is charged with a misdemeanor. 
 a TRIS was commenced after a person reached their preservation age; and 
 A person 
 In many states, it is possible to hold a person 
 All this he roared out in a voice surprisingly powerful from so small a person . 
 plus the month a person turns 65  and including the 3 months after the month a person turns 65). 
 True, once in a great while the shaggy giant hunts down and eats a person . 
 No matter what era a person is a fan of however
 A person can change their focus on data science only. 
 Yeah there are degrees, but I will never trust a person who engaged in torture willingly. 
 Hopefully they won''t go that far, because it''s a bad enough sign that the more a person wrestles from day to day, the less likely they are to do so at WrestleMania. 
 "And if not, then unfortunately you have to put a person like that in the column of someone who is an enemy of your community because in effect they''re justifying Jew hatred." 
 The coolest thing a person can do is boldly pursue his passions. 
 and 1 tsp for youngsters -- but that should vary a bit  depending upon how much a person needs to detox as well. 
 It may be dispersed by air currents, and may be inhaled by a person who is in the same room as the source patient during the AGP. 
 Covering up and staying off social media can be shallow and an ego issue as well, once a person 
 When a person gets married
 Morality is primarily obedience to law; religion is submission to a Person . 
 Transmission or Distribution Grid  or a person 
 Founded on the assumption that you are not a person of the village of Dunnbroke  nor have you been a visitor who in the course of his travels has made his way to this parish
 It would drive a person nuts. 
 Prince Harry and Meghan are suing under a so-called paparazzi law in California, under which a person can be held liable civilly for airspace intrusions to take photographs of a person on private property. 
 The company is seeking a person 
 THAT''s the authenticity a person who''s lived the life brings to this character. 
 The forfeiture rule is the unwritten rule of public policy that precludes a person who unlawfully killed another person from acquiring a benefit in consequence of the killing. 
 "[PSS] doesn''t tell us the race of a person, it doesn''t tell us the height of a person ," Jones said. 
 a person 
 Simple presents like these can currently mean a great deal to a person . 
 "The ponytail, either loose or in a bun, formed a major part of his ''brand'' as a person ; in fact  if we asked people in the street to name just one feature about Pablo Iglesias
 As John Key himself put it, if a person earns $100k of income from a salary they pay tax on it
 She is a shell of a person , which I expect started before she married William as she got dangerously thin before the wedding. 
 However, where a person dies ''domiciled'' in England and 
 A person may not be sure of his life, health and cannot continue the business up to the longer period to support his dependents. 
 According to Wikipedia, "Flow is the mental state of operation in which a person performing an activity is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus  full involvement
 and to what extent this applies to other kinds of messages  but one thing that you can notice from this is that a person A could write a broadcast message without Internet access  person B could receive it via Bluetooth or whatever
 In addition to the URL of the current page, that information also includes an ID that is directly connected to a person , at least if the user has an account with these platforms. 
 Under these circumstances, the panel held that "[t]o the extent the district court required a showing that a person of ordinary skill would have selected everolimus over other prior art compounds, it erred." 
 "I am unsure whether it is safe to send you a .pdf document," a person told us anonymously, "including text only." 
 Can a person , no matter their tech credentials, achieve their basic needs using this thing? 
 not a person . 
 A person who is spiritually mature will have a greater passion for personal righteousness than for personal happiness
 According to Barentsz, the sea was filled with so many bowhead whales that ships had to break paths through them; a person could walk across the fjord on their backs. 
 The tree also represents a love or a person or even our collective social consciousness. 
 He was probably the first guy you''ve exchanged edible yam sensual oils with that actually gives a damn about you as a person , and can overlook that unsightly mole on your neck. 
 An active shooter is a person or persons who appear to be actively engaged in killing or attempting to kill people, most often in populated areas. 
 As the title suggests, this documentary is about all the horrible things that can happen to a person . 
 Some great stuff a person shared below, can My spouse and i please connect to this submit on my personal new web site I''m currently implementing? 
 Considering the fact that there are millionis of people without insurance, it is not too far fetched to think that a person 
 Where, other than in the course of business, a person receives from a consumer  as heir  donee or assignee  goods that were the subject of a consumer transaction
 "ambulance operator" means a person 
 "stretcher attendant" means a person who provides stretcher transportation services; (" porteur de civière ") 
 without preference  if the male or female child applying to marry resides with his or her mother and father; (4) By a person   agency  or institution having legal custody  standing in leau of parents
 Some people judge his way of living, seeing him as a person who does things that aren''t quite [...] ↓ Read the rest of this entry... 
 "taxable person" means a person who may be liable under section 15(1) for a land betterment charge; 
 (e) requiring the deposit of a specified amount of money in the court or with a person the judge or master considers appropriate
 Where a person being served under or pursuant to this Act cannot after diligent search be found
 A trustee may disclose personal health information to a person conducting health research if the research has been approved under this section. 
 The minister may, in accordance with the regulations, provide to a person who purchased a vehicle in the province or who brought or sent a vehicle into the province  a refund
 In some cases, this duty can extend to third parties, where damage is caused to that third party by a person u nder the care and control of the defendant. 
 But if the fetus is believed to be a baby, a person , "A" human being, then it becomes a much more even playing ground. 
 From what I''ve heard, the upside is a person can get casual sex fairly quickly (as opposed to having to go through the rigamarole of meeting someone organically)
 You re Going to the average healthy amount a person feel more energetic  requiring a recharge syncing  apparently
 that we were made for something higher and that a person cannot just do whatever they wish with their body – that there is a limit to bodily autonomy for each and every one of us. 
 It is as if a person can only do injustice to a sentient being. 
 Please check the legal definition of an Off Road Vehicle here. 11 AAC 20.990(21) A person 
 Phyllis said that when you step back from a person , you finally get clarity. 
 Cops do not regularly arrest a person for nothing. 
 According to a person with knowledge of the case
 Arthritis may occur when a person has lost some of the flexible cushion between the bones called cartilage. 
 Does the Meier material ever talk about this figure, except to say that the rise of such a person is a myth and does not correspond in any way to what paths our future holds? 
 No matter how much that person cares about me as a person it''s still annoying :). 
 The biggest Argentine talent since Panno (I''m referring to GM Hugo Spangenberg) was as lazy as there could be a person . 
 Some firms are expected to team up on bids, a person familiar with the matter said. 
 Ptaah had explained at one point that should a person die in space, they travel and seek a planet into which to be born in. 
 When a person visits a website containing a pop-up ad
000 on behalf of Sir John Keighley; and on the second he stood as a guarantor for no less a person than the King''s uncle, Humphrey, duke of Gloucester. 
 Sexual attraction is a desire to do sexual activities with a person . 
 Abby reminds him that his family also has money  so he shouldn''t be acting like a person who has had to struggle all his life. 
 Mr. Yang explained that it is hard to show a person joined with others for the common purpose of engaging in a course of common conduct. 
 A person translating the Japanese into English without knowing any other languages could easily miss these. 
 We have held that the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment forbids a State to convict a person of a crime without proving the elements of that crime beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 This is because they help a person to enjoy unique games, watch countless movies and listen to music of their choices. 
 Chinese media: social responsibility first, always consider the impact of a story on a person , on society. 
 if: (1) a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act acquires more than 50% of our outstanding voting stock
 The CPI mouthpiece editorial also said that a person holding the post of a Governor should not oppose the rights of the state to disagree with the laws. 
 (e) a person or class of persons who may enter a restricted zone of those court areas; and 
 You must be able to separate your worth as a baseball player from your worth as a person . 
 Shirin''s zest for life and progress, and her dedication to study, resembled that of a person who has only spent a few days in custody and is expecting to be released soon." 
 or by going to their farm  or any of the other hoops a person typically has to jump through to get local food. 
 in latin  when his goldfish died. is that a person now? 
 If you are a person with a disability who requires a reasonable accommodation in order to participate in this program
 a person who is beneath a certain age or incapable of valid consent because of mental illness  mental deficiency
 The commenter elaborated: "Blogs don''t tell you how a person makes sound business decisions or can meet goals, think strategically, or solve problems. 
 A person can be cursed during anathematization (or other forms of religious punishment)
 If a person refuses to see color, they also cannot see the experiences or challenges that accompany the racism divide. 
 such as those in aerosols " which means that these particles can spread even when a person is only breathing. 
 A person going to a psychiatrist for insomnia  or anxiety
 That version says simply that, if it is shown that "it may become impracticable to secure the presence of a person by subpoena," a judge "may order the arrest of the person." 
 If the painted dots on the caps themselves are an indicator a person has them installed correctly, then I have both dots showing through the chasis. 
 stated that the 2035 Transportation Master Plan is continuing and said  Bursa It should be the road map of a person or institution. 
 Help yourself by helping your potential employers staff this position with a person they can trust. 
 It''s amazing to meet a person who can look at an activity such as golf and, all in the same thought, think "It''s a boring, pointless and stupid sport. 
 That''s all you have to say about a person who tried to understand both sides of the issue. 
 because autism is not a disability that permits anyone to punish or abuse a person in any way or form. 
 For a person who has fun with numbers in baseball it might be a fun way to evaluate a player. 
 assured me he had never met a person with a more deranged system. 
 Failure of a person 
 But I think that it would be interesting to see the head of FIDE being a person who knows first-hand the problems players face. 
 and not what i expected  they must be making tons of money not to care to discriminate a person . 
 And, Mr. Obama, it''s a person at conception; your paygrade''s not the question. 
 a person of very eminent grace and understanding  I should instantly acknowledge the call of God and say  '' Go
 Nevertheless, it is annoying when these comments are coming from a person who perhaps needs to look much deeper inside his own soul about himself and his state. 
 Signs that a person with dementia might be in pain 
 If you made it past the bots, the next likely hurdle is a person , but it may not be the hiring manager. 
 With my voodoo dolls, you can make a person sick, insane, impotent, infertile, or insanely jealous. 
 The first is data connectivity, which enables a person to take a snap and upload it to a social networking or mail it to a friend with just a few clicks. 
 If you''re a person , you''re deserving of the rights afforded people. 
 "A drawing may become more powerful, more real, not as it approaches perfect resemblance to a person or a thing, but when it veers away from that perfection in order to answer another call... 
 "party" includes a person or an organisation making representations to a Tribunal at an inquiry under section 157; 
 an interest in a security if the interest is that of a person who holds the security as bare trustee; 
 or any contingent liability for or guaranty by a Person 
 This position will be held by a person of Indigenous heritage to ensure Indigenous perspectives are reflected in our galleries
 To do this, you must be a person of tremendous concentration, ability and openness of mind–a person capable of a direct experience of life. 
 When inside you everything becomes silent, you are no more as you used to be - a person . 
 it hurts your ego that how can you say ''no'' to a person who is in so much pain. 
 As much as I am in favor of preserving old houses, this one is as dead as a person with profound dementia. 
 I''m looking for a person with small-scale (backyard hatchery) experience to come to Ethiopia on a consultancy basis. 
 a person who cannot articulate her identity to a vocal storyteller who can  through powerful narrative
 When a person has to change many roles, he becomes loose. by and by the question arises: Who am I? 
 "I am just hoping my charisma and charm will make you see the light someday haha" – as nice and good a person as you seem Jack, charisma and charm only works on those who either want it to, or are simple-minded. 
 They are very much afraid that if a person stays in one place he may become attached to the place; to the house, to the people surrounding him. 
 It can be understood more easily, because it is very difficult to find a person who has not tasted something of love in some moments. 
 Then a person goes on thinking about it, again and again. 
 A person may feel this approbation to so great a degree as to be even delighted without having true submission to it. 
 Dr. Reimers-Hild gave this as an example of a person doing what it takes to succeed. 
 Could he explain why he chose Hilter as an example of a person who was a baptised Catholic and not say, Descartes? 
 1] However, an inspector who enters a workplace does have powers to require a person to produce documents or answer questions. 
 The psychology behind this technique is that a person 
 Napoleon Hill says, "If you want to break the inner flow of thoughts of a person , fan his ego. 
 The increase in risk identified in the current study also was not dependent on whether a person smoked. 
 Integrated with Skype for Business, it shows people in an open workplace environment if a person is busy or on a call. 
 Becoming liberated from the bondage of negativity lets you realize your tremendous value as a person . 
 A person who owns or frequently rides a Harley. 
 God is not a person ; God is the totality. 
 When you are with a person twenty-four hours a day man or woman - you come to know all the defects: all that is good
 Where will I find a person like you? - because you provide so many things which I need. 
 If a person is intelligent, he will understand it soon. 
 Treatment and care to improve quality of life plays a major role the life a person with CF. 
 In two experiments study participants were asked to consider different scenarios in which a person expressed either anger or disgust. 
 We all have different commitments and family obligations, so we don''t measure things like, how many days a person spends working on a local nonprofit. 
 Once a person has reached he almost forgets, in his celebration, the long journey, the long search towards self-realization. 
 The biggest though was that had we shown upfront that this was a person who would be perceived as a villain essentially  or a bad person
 In principle, a person awarded withholding relief may be removed to some other country that is willing to take them in. 
 The UK Intellectual Property Office has found that DABUS is not a person and so cannot be considered an inventor of a patent. 
 Have you come across a person who is really psychoanalysed? 
 That''s a–you know, a person . 
 There was a person I wanted to meet. 
 A person is considered to be under a period of authorized stay while an Application for Adjustment of Status is pending. 
 A person 
 Display of contemptuous indifference or disregard; supercilious treatment or reception of a person , etc.; small respect for one. 1701 * 2 slight, a. and adv. 2. 
 To cut ( a person ) up into small pieces. 
 A person will be unable to play this version of the [...] 
 Case #25 Anonymous A person is tortured to death in a medieval iron maiden which can deliver electric shocks. 
 A person can only learn from another person, and hence the Supreme Power teaches through a... 
 Although I still jump when I hear a squirrel or raccoon head through my backyard because I SWEAR it is a person , but for the most part, I''m okay. 
 Crucially, a vice, here, is something for which a person can be held responsible. 
 A person or persons will also be authorized
 I have never seen a site that required that much from a person just to sell, I understand there will always be scammers but there are better ways of weeding through them then that. 
 Then you went to Congress and just like Dean Heller, you morphed into a person I hardly recognized, taking far-right positions that I scarcely believed you embraced. 
 As a person who spent the first half of her life in the South  I can tell you it''s a skill few actors  including most of this cast
 Forgiving a person who hurts me is hard but the truth is, if I don''t forgive him/her it''ll affect me far more than it affects him/her. 
 A personal genetics company, located in California, was recently awarded a patent on a project which would allow a person to design the traits of the baby that was wanted, yet the business has promised not to do anything with the technology. 
 The biggest thing is if a person ''s sprayed for their skin type. 
 Unsubscribe a Person 
 A person 
 the better option would be to have the workers be part-owners in the company. why? simple. because even a person 
 a person being a terrorist. 
 For me personally, nothing rubs me the wrong way more than a person has a lackadaisical attitude or nonchalant way of doing things. 
 It may seem that a typo in the age of a person who has died or giving their village name incorrectly will not have too much of an effect on the overall news story. 
 Under no circumstances will a person born to a parent who is an illegal alien be extended the privilege of Citizenship of the United States." 
 "It will grow to many times the height of a person , allowing very little light to penetrate through its thick leaf canopy. 
 "... a person devoted to the pursuit of pleasure and the enjoyment of luxury; a sensualist." 
 To receive supportive measures a person must disclose a concern to a Willamette University confidential or non-confidential resource. 
 Gov''t Op. 15-17; Hitachi Op. 6-7  and leave in place the decision of a person "incompetent to sit at the hearing," Nguyen, 539 U.S. at 78 (quotation marks omitted). 
 A great many other others will probably be benefited from a person ''s composing. 
 Gabriel L. Rumsey, operating a vehicle while intoxicated – endangering a person , Class A misdemeanor; remaining counts dismissed; 365 days BCJ/BCCC with four days executed, remainder suspended. 
 Olivia: Obviously a person with a vicious streak, that would be Edmund. 
 I guess if a person was suffering from feelings of inferiority maybe that would be an influence
 a person has to be tried for the specified offence and against onward surrender or extradition) and
 In cases of both the unbaptized and the baptized, joining the Catholic Church aligns a person with all that the culture perceives to be Catholic. 
 and a person from each end pair up and dance their way down the aisle  often in flamboyant and unexpected ways
 Again the domain in question is registered to a company, not a person , how active is Bill Gates in Microsoft? 
 Eventually, UC should be smart enough to understand when a conversation should move from, say, video to voice, like if a person is driving. 
 • When a person is engaged in interstate and intrastate vehicular travel through the county; 
 This may tangentially resemble an ad hominem, but I assure you is not: I am simply curious as to what motivates a person to render a petition such as this one. 
 Dietz rushed over to the designated area and asked the owner of a diner there if anyone had seen a person with a box. 
 "Self-identification" is what happens when a "cognitive opening or crisis" leads a person to explore radical Islam. 
 we found this wild cutaway view of the room  which apparently features some sort of tilt-a-whirl apparatus to rock a person back and forth... 
 Note here how a person can''t tag the other person if the removed column has been set to 1. 
 #56@Tom Waits: I said that Kyle Lohse wasn''t a person that the team was interested in. 
 The term care partner describes the relationship between a person with dementia or another cognitive condition and a spouse, partner or other relative. 
 Third party guarantee: In some cases you''ll need someone else ( a person or entity that is not you - the borrower) to guarantee your business loan. 
 The SEC also is proposing a non-exclusive safe harbor under which a person 
 When a person consumes alcohol, the first place that the alcohol goes after it leaves the GI tract is the liver (Figure 1.10). 
 As a person with a TSI Joyce assesses, regulates, and controls her body with the desire to transform it with medical knowledge. 
 Having these qualities and participating in these sports I believe that it will allow me to grow as an athlete and as a person . 
 A gravestone may also have an epitaph that says how a person has lived their life or how they wish to be remembered. 
 A person 
 Article 10.3 of the Italian Constitution rules out the applicability of irregular entry once a person has requested asylum, even if they have entered irregularly. 
 Berlin deferred when asked about Kaszmarek''s suggestion that the ten ballot applications might have been sent in by a person or persons "testing the system." 
 Previous European case law has defined a worker as a person who "performs services for and under the direction of another person in return for which he receives remuneration." 
 Now that which can contrive, which can design, must be a person . 
 actually I want to know that is there a difference between a person who is taking odimume at night and a person who is taking three tablet at am and pm? 
 Wicked may also be interpreted as meaning ''playful'' or ''enjoyably malicious'' – a person may have a "wicked sense of humour". 
 the Google Knowledge Graph will give it preference over Google Maps (if you''re a business) or Wikipedia (if you''re a person ). 
 For a person who has not experienced this himself, it is hard to imagine how much pressure a person can suffer when detained alone in such a terrifying and tense environment all day long, day after day. 
 She believed that Falun Gong could cure illnesses and provide a person with good health, but she did not believe in Consummation. 
 A person must have noble and grand ambitions  admire worthy people of times gone by
 Similarly, when an evil thought is generated in a person , an evil spirit will follow him, although he has not done anything wrong." 
 My instantaneous reaction to the photo was: "This is a person   who if he was a character in a movie
 An ecommerce sales funnel illustrates the process a person undertakes to go from a potential customer to an existing customer and beyond to retention. 
 Next Matt writes: Second, being deceived doesn''t excuse a person ... 
 A number of have got things that you put onto together a person accomplish or probably success a wonderful activity. 
 Would we label a person as "diagnosed as tonsillitis", or "diagnosed as kidney failure"? 
 The solicitor cannot act as a representative to a person without capacity to instruct. 
 Indirect abusive behaviour is also caught under FSMA, which makes it an offence for a person ("A") to take or refrain from taking action which encourages another to engage in activity which
 If served on a person other than the ones specified by the rules, the corporation-defendant can invoke improper service of summons. 
 This also was a person she knew: Nikaidou Yuu. 
 I am a person just like you and Shinji. 
 The moral of the story is that we don''t judge a person on their negative past behavior. 
 "Yes, normally a person would go through training at the academy before being put on active duty " replied Lady Tsunade
 Where an owner of property leases a premises to a person as a tenant under any rental or lease agreement  if either the owner or the tenant is an Industrial User at the premises
 It''s largely up to the player to decide who Lee is as a person , and his past makes for an interesting canvas for players to color in the lines of their own character. 
 House File 2041, by Martin, a bill for an act prohibiting a person 
 This is pretty much sum up about Trump as a person . 
 Participants were more likely to help a person when they experienced increased empathy compared to when they experienced lower levels of empathy (Batson  Eklund
 The reason I say it was the state deciding is because in order for a person on life support who has hope to be terminated you have to have prior record that that was their wish. 
 Colonel Hobby offered simple advice: " A person who''s had a good record in this country is likely to have a good record abroad
 Designated Representative - A person (e.g.  attorney  union representative
 education  medical services  family or cultural reasons  or recreation - and limited transport options  a person might travel in an unsafe way rather than not travel. 
 ...On the other hand is a person who is a supposed international leader in clinical pain science
 For example, a person 
 or may receive $1000 if medically discharged due to combat-related disabilities. -- If a person died as a result of injuries sustained in Persian Gulf  Afghanistan  or Iraq service
 Effective March 3, 2008 a person 
 Sometimes to get a person 
 In the family a child begins discovering the joy of learning and discovering his/her tremendous capability as a person and a member of society. 
 The software works well for a person who is not very technical, and creates professional looking link pages." 
 Whether a person sees a dent in your companies vehicle or a customer claiming you where not at the job-site. 
 A person is always looking for cheap products. 
 What are some of the added benefits that could motivate a person to buy art? 
 HTML, HTML5 and web technologies seem to be converging with the ePublishing / eBook world, which means that if you''re a person who knows how to write HTML  CSS  JavaScript  that kind of stuff
 He gave other tests as well: If a person is controlled by somebody else, he is not God, for God is the supreme controller. 
 A person was "let go " not because of his actions or lack of effort or skills applied to business results
 It does not take a person with a Ph.D. in socialization to train kids to learn the basic rules of social behavior. 
 some have argued that God''s spirit is a person who is also God. 
 Your gutters simply cannot support the weight of a person on a ladder. 
 If one''s has lost a lot of money in RE then such a person could pickup an ''05 Lambo Gallardo for under $100k. 
 I told him there was no Father, knowing that it was a company which owned the machine, not a person . 
 In this game when a person rolls the dice their peg advances to the corresponding number. 
 In order to become aroused and/or gratified, a person must engage in the act in a certain way. 
 It can be a person or quality or animal seen to have perceived virtues and graces which the pupils are expected to assimilate. 
 A wasteland is a person denied safe haven because she is full of the chemicals that make survival less painful. 
 PROMISE TO APPEAR – A promise in writing by a person accused of a crime(s) to go to court. 
 a person . 
 Was the murderer a third person, a person who was intimately involved with the compass of death? 
 A person who has become lame due to age could not have replacement legs to allow him to walk normally
 Many a person has been laid to ruin by these deceiving and winding roads. 
 THE CONDITION OF THOSE WHO PRAY TO BE SAVED When a person examines the scriptures, he is jolted by the fact that NOBODY in the Bible asked Jesus to come into his heart. 
 These totem poles were not for religious purposes but were used to identify clans or to honor a person or event.. 
 But if earlier the term "zombie" meant a person bio-robot whose brain had been rigidly coded with the help of narcotics and special psychological influencing
 It defines you as a person in some way. 
 If you choose the LIVING flag, a person entry will include one of the following images: 
 it is a measure of what a person can DO rather than what a person KNOWS. 
 Sometimes a person had to violate one law in order to keep from violating another  as for instance
 a person /object/event; a priority is the importance of each desire/fear compared to all other desires and fears. 
 The traditional yoga diet is vegetarian, but one''s awareness keeps evolving, and at each stage a person can tune in to what is best for her/his own body. 
 It is not because I am a well-accredited divine messenger, but because I am in your estimation a person possessed of powers  which  if exerted in your behalf
 If the individual did not have a proactive desire for a person /thing/event he could not achieve
 The only deaths that ever occurred were secondary to heat stroke when a person left the safety of their vehicle and tried to walk out of the desert. 
 The Show when Witness to Event controls whether information is shown for a person when they are a witness to an event. 
 However, that still should not detract from the usefulness the book has in assiting a person to change his life for the better. 
 Egress Window A window large enough for a person to climb out in case of emergency. 
 (Now I just need to figure out how to download .mp3''s onto it!) This is all big news for a person who never had any luck burning a CD in his entire life! ;) 
 As we have shown, when a person is converted (saved)  or justified before God  the old man of sin is instantly put to death
 a person 
 In contrast, in a "worst-case scenario," a person 
 C+E licence enables a person to drive all vehicles over 3500kgs with a trailer over 750kgs. 
 Remember Chill ? She is the dog that a person felt it necessary to disfigure, crush and mutilate parts of Chill''s body and cut off one foot. 
 I''m a person who doesn''t like change. 
 First, one would want to identify which wines "belong together," and a person might successfully complete that task
 and since cocaine is fast acting and a fatal dose of likely to incapacitate a person fairly rapidly it seems probable that the fatal dose was taken sometime after that phone call. 
 It''s as if a person lived and spoke and worked only with one other person, and never had the frame of reference of the outside world. 
 The most important thing a person that is depressed can do is get help now. 
 ''The Moving Pen'' (has) contributed to my growth as a writer and as a person . 
 Added a better error message for the case where a person has more than two primary parents 
 We all shared family style and the price was only about $13 a person including refreshments and tip! 
 We see by experience what protestations a person will make when he is on his sick-bed, if God should recover him again; yet he is as bad as ever. 
 born to die in the ring and help create an act of art with a person ." 
 That''s just the nature of kitchen work, which often requires a person to be on their feet for hours on end. 
 The kids who can write with skill are rarely the cool kids, and as Lester Bangs said, hanging out with rock stars will make a person feel as cool as they can be. 
 A person prone to negative passions  it suggests  does better in an ''abode provided with shade and water
 If a person dies after a long illness
 cautioning people that oftentimes these lead to the sort of bubbles of false Ascension where a person no longer incarnates, but they are trapped. 
 V,81), a quality that requires a person to be approachable, friendly and to let others know that he or she is interested in them and what they have to say. 
 Could it be that "A star shall go forth from Jacob" is not a Messianic figure at all, but a person who has been on the world stage already – king David
 Third, and I''ll write about this soon as a separate topic, enlist the help of a person who your son or daughter really likes or loves. 
 "There is such a fluid sense of the land, a person really is just a custodian." 
 A person 
 However, if you are unkind and act without integrity even if you achieve success, you are suppressed inside as a person . 
 A person hanging onto a wrecking ball can protect a house from damage if the ball swings to pin him against the wall. 
 addressed these procedures in Dignitatis Personae  "On the Dignity of a Person : Instruction on Bioethics." 
 If a person didn''t offer one, or used a wrong one, he''d be called to run them off. 
 I am looking for a person 
 I undertake a philosophical investigation of how and why sexuality took such a form within a person who had grown up as a "normal," heterosexual man. 
 its a master piece ( not to mention exact airframe shape of teh real aircraft)  not to mention it comes from a person who has built credibelity and respect from his previous work and postings. 
 So, give your friend time, she has to let Jayne grow as a person ! --------------------------------------------------- Your sister''s not a cold-blooded murderer. 
 If it is not prepared carefully, however, its poison can kill a person . 
 There are many self-help techniques that can be taught so a person can take these skills home with them. 
 They give equal weight to a passionate opponent like Rabinowitz and a person who doesn''t really care. 
 A person can find many things to do in Salvador, including sigh seeing and trying all kinds of Brazilian cuisines. 
 The whole idea of voting for a person is usually not the best way to do things
 It captures JFK reacting to a shot from the front* (JFK can be seen grabbing his throat) and it also shows a person identical to Oswald standing in the doorway of the Texas School Book Depository building: 
 any winner aged under 18 must be accompanied on that travel or to that event by a person authorised by the winner''s legal guardian to accompany the winner at their own cost and aged either 18 or over. 
 When I hear the words soft-core pornography, I tend to think of Playboy, or films and movies that depict a story about a person or group of people, and within that story ... work is to show or describe sex. 
 Tattoos, just like any other thing related to a person , is an extension to his personality. 
 "Under Stalin, if you even used the word Holodomor – which means murder by starvation – a person could be shot and often was." 
 and since they can''t predict how a person will react so specifically especially right there in front of my family  it just would have to be such a conspiracy
 "In our world today, the technical skills a person learns will not serve him or her for the entire career
 It''s a corporation, it''s not a person associated with it that has respect within hip-hop culture or pop culture,'''' he said. 
 A person leans into the "stone mirror" at Donguibogam Village. 
 He also created the artwork for the cover of the song, in which a person 
 Because of the way that the virus lives inside a person in the way that it attacks the central nervous system, if not treated immediately the results are always catastrophic. 
 a person we feared as a child, but later found s/he was not to be feared at all). 
 A person can find many things to do in Berchtesgaden, as the area was a World War 2 battle zone earlier. 
 For purposes of the bill, an "employment agency" means a person who undertakes to procure employees for an employer or to procure for employees opportunities to work for an employer. 
 As part of a daily routine, or in moments of difficulty or sadness, a person could pull out their personal light, or open the lid on their light box, and reflect on a small source of positive energy. 
 5) They hate you: If a person 
 So in the end we can say that the culture affects the personality of a person indirectly. 
 If for example a person 
 Service Provider A person or an organization that provides a service to a member of the public. 
 For example, a possessed axe might float through the air towards a person   making menacing swipes
 A person who supports the war but doesn''t fight
 If a person 
 When a person is born the question is, "How can I be fair to persons around me?" 
 I respectfully request the county commissioners to appoint a person with Great Lakes maritime shipping credentials to the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority Board of Directors. 
 A while back Doug Kibbey had made a comment about how when a person passes, it''s like burning down a Library. 
 A member of the public can call any wound a cut, but a person training in Emergency Response  Title 22 or lifeguard training should know the difference between an avulsion
 A person of the most important surprise marks for the Falcons is who will be setting up at remaining secure. 
 That is why I would have no qualms with a person strapping a microwave to their head and negotiating the course that way. 
 It is not what a person is, but what he does that makes him good or evil. 
 So you really don''t have to be that close to a person to refer to them as "mei mei." 
 But I think I am pretty good at it once I know more about a person . 
 An Entry from a person who is not an Eligible Entrant; b. 
 I can see how one might think this is a bit disturbing, it is true that if a person can not tell the difference between fantasy and reality
 A "psychotic" is a person whose hypothalmus is overmetabolizing tyrosine derivatives usually as the result of some deficiency. 
 One popular psychological fact states that if you met a person 
 as the murders are being committed by a person with skills only a surgeon could have. 
 A person can feel anxious if he felt that he is about to expose his thoughts to others or to his relationship partner. 
 General fact that a person is insane is not relevant; it is the fact that the insanity affects his ability to perceive, remember and relate. 
 Conditions on land give rise to physical harm - what is the duty that a person who owns the land has to visitors? 
 We think of a picture of a person riding a bicycle along a dirt trail. 
 According to Dietz, he had "exhibited classic signs of a person who would be capable of avenging perceived wrongs with murderous force." 
 For diversity purposes a person must be both a citizen of the U.S. and one of the states of the Union (includes the Territories, D.C., and Puerto Rico). 
 Reason: it is thought that a person will have a strong motive to tell the truth because diagnosis or treatment will depend in part upon what the patient says 
 "in the course of and in furtherance of [designated felonies ] he  or another participant...causes the death of a person other than one of the participants." 
 - Once a person protected by the entity''s umbrella gets his own attorney, the org.'' 
 A person who is unaware of facts
 basic purpose is to preclude (estop) a person from asserting a right when  by deliberate words or conduct
 Restatement §16: Intoxicated persons: A person 
 a person ; or (ii) kidnapping, arson, escape 1, burglary 1, or any such attempt.... 
 A person 
 So if you need a gifts quick and you such as this than this is basically the a person make sure you choose! 
 Mainly there are two factors that determine how will a person behave behind the driving wheel, his current mood and his psychological make up. 
 With both eyes or with one eye covered a person 
 If a person challenges them, they use the Goebbles meme of "fake news". 
 It protects a person from being abused, threatened, stalked or harassed. 
 Can hear music/tv and a person coughing. 
 The Catholic Encyclopaedia defines consecration as a legally valid and stable passage of a person or thing from the profane order (ius humanum) to the sacred one (ius divinum). 
 a person . 
 A person who fails to achieve success after a long practice will achieve the rare birth in a family of wise transcendentalists. 
 i.e.  a person new to this code would think the method was returning the pixel width of a single border." 
 ¶ 21 The fact of the matter is that Mr. R., quite appropriately, upon being arrested, went to a person , a Dr Gojer, who, apparently, is an expert in regards to sexual deviancy including pedophilia and hebephilia. 
 A person with light and smooth skin meant that they did not have to work and had servants to provide everything  that is
 A person accustomed with the account of Lil Miquela stated that Instagram was operating on regaining control. 
 A person who does not sense trouble, will stop the car, get out and try to clear a path. 
 The best way to do such a call is just say "I need to verify if a person was ever an employee or an independent contractor for you guys." 
 So he said that he had a person that had helped him, not to try to change anything, but to do what was good. 
 The life of a person with a disability is a life of an advocate. 
 Deborah and Celeste were not the only organizers but they were the ones who spent the most time getting to know me as a person and hearing my warm/cool feedback on the retreats. 
 I am a person that has struggled my whole life with clinical depression (48 years) I can understand how sad a person can be - day after day after day of darkness and pain. 
 I''ve seen many a person go off saying that they "love are in love with" someone. 
 (Zhuan Falun, Lecture Seven) When we see someone assaulting Dafa we can only see that there is a person who stands before who is doing something very bad and is acting in an extremely filthy way. 
 Teach your dudes that if a person is hurting them
 As a person who is required to travel for business, I can''t be competitive if I don''t use the airlines. 
 The more benevolent a person is, the more other people will tease him. 
 Later Greeks, such as Plato and Aristotle, were much more concerned with ethics and the proper actions of a person than with scientific knowledge for its own sake. 
 If I know a person to be irrational
 People naturally assume that if a person is that age then they will have experienced certain things. 
 I think in most groups over time what once attracted a person to be a part of something specific but defined in a general manner
 He then took me to the front row upstairs and asked a person whether he could let me sit there for a little while to have a look at Master and then he would have his seat back later. 
 I find it strange that Perigo, as a person 
 Make an order removing a person 
 in fact  loans of private bank credit to the head of state would be eliminated because: a person cannot owe himself. 
 Now, I think I can speak not only as a scientist but also as a person who has been embedded. 
 A person who believes themselves to be the King of England is very rarely, actually in that position. 
 Is a person 
 Marchant, L and Payne, HL (2002) The Experience of Counselling for Female Clients with Anorexia Nervosa: a person centred perspective, Counselling and Psychotherapy research, 2, 2, 127-132. 
 I am not a person that swears, but I was almost pushed over the edge by then. 
 During the video a woman with an umbrella or a person in a gorilla suit walks through the middle of the scene. 54% of participants reported never seeing the gorilla
 If you can''t get the gist of why a person might go through/run/blow a red light to take someone to the hospital, I don''t know what to say? 
 And this is so no matter how heinous a person he is, and no matter how vile and loathsome are his motivations and impacts. 
 He saved her in every way a person can be saved, and there''s nothing she wouldn''t do for him. 
 nm384" Everything that a person is, has been given to him either by his parents, his environment, or his spiritual father. 
 It also increases the attraction power of a person , since it has the powers of ''Vashikaran'' or attraction. 
 Say for example that you, as a person of modest means, own a (portion of) your house, and take home a median salary. 
 E.g., the typical Hollywood movie plot that involves a person striving towards a goal and facing setbacks. 
 A doula is a person who supports a woman and a man throughout the labor of their child. 
 However, in many cases the herald is not a person , but an event. 
 The killer, Azazel, is not played by a single actor, hence not locatable as a person . 
 although, it''s not right to judge people by the clothes they wear, clothing does create impressions. a person who is carelessly clad is normally not highly regarded. that is why; business staff and ... 
 I think it hinges on the idea of culpability: Is a person 
 For example: Cant be a person King, [even] if he is going to dress Kings dressing; even putting on his head a crown, he is not going to be a King, no! 
 emotionally mature  affectionate  honest  caring  faithful and very supportive. i believe that a person can be happy when all aspects of his life is in harmony - family
 Assalam u Alaikum Thank you for the article I want ot ask you that if a person is trapped in a situation that he have to take the Riba Then will it be Halal for him? 
 Any good training should help walk a person through sorting out feelings of guilt to decide if there was truly any sin or wrongdoing committed to deserve the guilt
 s. The leg of a person or animal; the foot. 
 That being the case, I make the following observation: When a person does their absolute level-best to give the world only openness  honesty  and genuineness
 HONOUR: high respect; esteem: his portrait hangs in the place of honour; a person 
 a person 
 a person of Color. 
 A number in brackets after the name indicates a person married into more than one ... http://chenowethsite.com/genealogy/lapname.htm 
 Everyone can name a DENOMINATION or a PERSON that preaches a "version" that they don''t approve of. 
 Naturally, I feel most alive when I meet a person who can hold an interesting and intelligent conversation and is sincere and lives the virtue of compassion. 
 A person 
 A flow fund circle holder is a person to whom I give one hundred thousand dollars so that they can choose visionaries through whom the money can flow. 
 scab, n. & v. --n. 1 a dry rough crust formed over a cut, sore, etc. in healing. 2 (often attrib.) colloq. derog. a person who refuses to strike or join a trade union
 a person 
 I''d think that a person attempting to demonstrate the objective superiority of a certain type of music would begin by defining his terms. 
 What''s particularly nice to be reminded of (from the commentary) is that – as a person – Karloff was known to be a rather nice fellow. 
 1965 Solo and Kuryakin travel to Southern France to investigate a serum that supposedly gives a person supernatural strength and also revives the dead. 
 Hunter Seefried was also identified as a person involved with breaking a window at the Capitol. 
 FOCUS, i cannot begin to describe the memory problems that i have...i can be standing in front of a person 
 Once a person from the mushrikeen (polytheists) came to me  and began saying that I have a lot of wealth
 if the recordings are well done  which means that they preserved a strong relation to what a person might have heard from a single point in the recording venue space. 
 When a person immerses in the mikvah  he is placing himself in the state of the world yet unborn
 This world without Doctor Who, and without a person like the Doctor, shows us exactly what he does. 
 The organization of extra bed - a sofa bed with a mattress on a person . 
 To see a hole in a person , something just rip through his body like it was paper. 
 CHOCOLATE PIETY "Look how far we have come in the fight; We''ve discovered a new civil right: If a person is black, He is free to attack, ''Cause a racist can only be white." 
 This saying came from a person living in a community where Christianity was a minor religion; about 6% if I recall correctly. 
 In that case, a person 
 This means that a person with "Omni Holds" will also be unable to obtain a Drivers License in another State. 
000 inhabitants  with slaves only counting as three-fifths of a person for the purposes of representation. 
 Co-occurring disorder or dual diagnosis typically refers to a person having both mental health and substance use disorders. 
 A person was wide open for subjugation when exposing themselves to that most primitive of instincts. 
 a person moral, ethical and religious life. 
 Although he wasn''t with us long, he brought so much to us as a band member and a person - warm, hilariously funny and a sharp wit. 
 a person 
 President Caldwell''s comments suggest that one must personally know a person before declaring that the person is teaching error
 This is because a person who is answerable only to himself may or may not be wasting his time; an employed person is certain to be. 
 When a person or work is quoted directly and word for word, the quotation is placed in quotation marks. 
 Psychosis is a break with reality that can manifest as hallucinations or delusions where a person imagines, sees, hears or even tastes things that aren''t real. 
 Since Mrs. (L. St.John) Eckel has been under attack, Miss Martin is glad a person like Brownson has come to Mrs. Eckel''s defense. 
 The origin of this error of the eye is when a person shows a cornea that is too sharp, and or, an eyeball that displays a stretched form. 
 How many of you have ever hated or disliked a person and were shown mental pictures or scenes in the mind where you are beating or killing that person
 Morfran seemed alive; a pool of seething black into which a person could disappear forever, as if swallowed. 
 (also -ise) 1 exclude ( a person ) from a society  favour  common privileges
 You could never get full road closure for $40 a person in New York City. 
 This puja gives strength to a person to fight and overcome all forms of illness, get robust and good health, vitality and strength. 
 and 4) that once a person has accessed these states, his or her consciousness remains so enhanced. 
 She was most emphatically not a person whom one teased in the way Leliana''s tone of voice seemed to imply. 
 A person 
 No laboratory finding can compel a person to give up what is taken on faith. 
 This is because from these two things, the achievement is clearly defined once a person has a clear distinction between what he really wants and what he thinks he should have. 
 The public doesn''t wait for a court''s verdict to decide if a person is guilty of a crime or not. 
 So, when you see a person selling a live cassette on the net for cash, stop and think, and don''t spend your money. 
 The outlook conveyed the impression that a person could be more than he really was – a Renaissance man – that he could have a self-concept based on freedom. 
 Video gaming is ''interactive digital entertainment'' when a person (the gamer) ''plays'' on a computer, game console (Xbox or PlayStation) or by phone or tablet. 
 BANKER: a person who dug trenches and ditches to allow drainage of the land, placing the surplus earth in banks around the edge 
 Thus, a person 
 which is legally responsible for deciding whether a person is medically fit to drive, when a patient has continued driving in such instances. 
 While two year CDs commit a person to locking their money in for double the time of a 12 month CD, the rate is not double. 
 The Niganthas believed that whatever a person experienced in this life was caused by former action. 
 "Household members" means a person 
 or someone suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder  very few people know how to manage a person who is exhibiting signs of mental distress." 
 For example, the brilliance and height of the flames decreases when a person touches an object with relatively lower energy levels. 
 On or before May 3, 2014, the chair of each local committee shall appoint a person to serve on each of these committees  and provide the name  address  telephone number
 ''When you come across a photograph of a person looking at you, a very simple picture it''s a very powerful statement. 
 Enuresis sensors – alerting some to a person who is incontinent and requiring personal care 
 Note (2): Many times the country a person is from can be seen from the domain) 
 she said  "I was just trying to put it in terms of  well if I were speaking with a person what would I expect a person to respond back ". 
 a person before the elasmobranch may bight the hook or harm the person. 
 One way or the other its going to take a person down. 
 Elvira tours, costing $49 a person , are held on the last Friday and Saturday of every month, except December. 
 Third of all, even if I were inviting everyone else in the building, I would not invite her because she is a total wreck of a person who I would not want at my wedding. 
 Moreover, on average a person aged 65 today has a very good chance of celebrating their 85th birthday and beyond. 
 A person 
 He looses an eye, he kills a person , he''s slowly becoming what he feared and still can think that rationally? 
 Most people don''t even notice a person standing in front of them. 
 You wouldn''t model people by creating a Person class and subclass it for each new person would you? 
 I was surprised to find that a person 
 I almost feel bad comparing EG to South Park, but I don''t know much about OSC as a person , so I haven''t read through any of the books with that sort of thing in mind. also... 
 Just because a person doesn''t enjoy a book doesn''t mean s/he is a bad reader. 
 And THAT is something a person of great ambitions like Vect can not live with. 
 Being held hostage by what''s in the meat case with saran wrap on top and a foam tray on the bottom doesn''t give a person a snowballs chance in hell determining if the product is the best that you can get. 
 What really matters is how a person uses these skills to become successful or whatever they are trying to achieve in life. 
 How can a person   who has never considered the manifold arguments against "revealed religion
 In the kitchen it has been assumed that a person is standing at the counter along the wall where the electric SMART Meters are mounted. 
 competitor Each competitor in a golf tournament must record his or her own score. a person who takes part in a competition or a sporting contest 
 However, to a person who has died in the past, perhaps millions of years ago, they are in non-existence - a timeless transition. 
 Sylvia said one would expect as a person gained more skills and aged, they would move into a managerial type job. 
 At some point i turned into this type A person who has to get everything done, be in charge, excel at everything and not waste any time. 
 It is beyond any cavil that in the event a person is elected who does not fulfill the constitutional requirements
 "Well, I''m not a very churchgoing sort of a person  " said Sophie in reply  "but I do think that God is good
 Does a person have to be Bar Mitzvahed to wear a tallit? 
 But on a trip to Seattle I had this idea about a woman who when she touched a person could see inside his/her soul. 
 A person 
 I try my damnedest not to place any kind of hard and fast perception on a person that I''ve met over the internet. 
 Unless a person repents, he or she is already under the judgment of Almighty God. 
 "I mean how well do you know Edmund as a person , how familiar are you with his... mannerisms...?" 
 Ideally, I''d like a person to participate in at least one challenge before it''s her turn to issue or "host" one
 The Government also cannot appoint a person whose name does not a pear in the list. 
 You can find out the major frequencies of a person by using the name and the birth day number of that person as it is the basic principle of numerology. 
 Income of a person is classified under various heads because the rules of calculating the income under each head are different. 
 and contradictions in a series of stories by and about the historical actors  establishing  for example  that a person might be torn between the impetuous new politics and her father''s authority and wisdom
 An advanced psychic can penetrate the mind of a person and manipulate the mind. 
 Clairvoyance can be a great stepping stone in that regard, as seeing the aura and the energies around a person , plant, or animal does not require a deep relaxation state or a long preparation time. 
 CPR 1998 r 71.2(6) provides that a person required by court order so to do shall attend court  and ''(b) when he does so
 If a person is suffering from a drug misuse disorder, they may simultaneously be dealing with a mental illness. 
 The script was gifted by Reeves to a person close to him. 
 A Mercury-Saturn sextile is said to represent a practical, disciplined, responsible frame of mind -- one that allows a person to see what needs to be corrected and then do so, or to teach and be taught. 
 A person 
" both of which are less formal methods a person would expect earlier in a learning progression. 
 I''m a fairly new Muslim (3 years) and by nature a person insistent on finding the full truth without bias. 
 The NSC forms are basically formalities which a person requires to fill so as to inform the concerned authorities about his or her details  details of the nominees
 It is also important for a person who is on quest for personal mastery to develop integrity, humility, justice and industry. 
 a person becomes a location within which history is cognised upon a locational backdrop. 
 A person who had been engaged in damaging power lines has been taken into custody. 
 Racial profiling is a practice of discrimination where someone targets a person for suspicion of a crime based only on religion, national origin, ethnicity, or race. 
 An individual is not a person , but rather the antithesis of personhood and the denial of life. 
 Agencies will not check a person for the use of sildenafil. 
 (a) "student" means: a person 
 A person can appear to make the right decision  but may be only moved by a particularly inspiring sermon
 But the question arises; is this the real Stephen Byerley, or an android robot indistinguishable from a person ? 
 "There could be a facility where a person shifting from one expressway to another at any interchange won''t have to stop and pay the toll to two different players. 
 How does the pressure of a budget of millions affect a person ? 
 In recognition of an imminent delay, toll agreements: imagine, for example, a car accident in which a person is hit by another driver, the person who is hit is the plaintiff because he would have the right to do so. 
 therefore a person can commit any sin and still be saved if he/she he was predestined by God to be so. 
 This advantage is, however, potentially problematic, because the spiritual plane on which a person operates through faith is far higher than his level of personal awareness. 
 This question turns out to be a test of "edge cases" - your input isn''t necessarily in order, and a person may have multiple overlapping bookings: { (8-11), (9-10), (2-6), (0-4), (0-1), (1-5) }. 
 I don''t want to die but I have seen what cancer treatment can do to a person 
 Aabid told her he met a person at the bus stop who insisted he will take him to a highly reputed seminary in Rajasthan. 
 The rear wheel of this particular wheelchair is 12.5 inch in the floor, which would enable a person to ride over the terrain. 
 There was a person 
 "The ''perception'' of a person that nobody understands or cares for him, or there is no solution to his problems leads him to suicide ideation." 
 She looked at suspicious blue green eyes and smiled with care, "Mindy, you really seem more pissed off than a person who''d been given a dozen roses for Valentine''s Day might usually be. 
 For example, a person who adopts a gluten-free diet will suddenly avoid most (if not all) processed foods, fast foods and restaurant foods. 
 Mindfulness meditation helps a person to learn to have an open accepting attitude towards whatever arises in one''s mind
 A person is always looking for an emotional connection with the other person. 
 a ''luthier'' is a person who makes stringed instruments like guitars). 
 It is the most adventurous thing for a person who needs to make life more exciting. 
 interventions and immediate reactions are listed when talking to a person in immediate danger of suicide. 
 a person gets. 
 A person with insatiable curiosity and unrelenting drive to learn, succeed and lead by example 
 If a person washes their hair too frequently, the hair can lose its natural oils. 
 the help of a visiting home maker ( a person who helps with cleaning  cooking  and shopping arranged through Home Care)  and the help of other family
 "Sis isn''t indoors," Taja replies cheerfully, taptaping on Lothrhyn''s floor, "Sis is a person . 
 Therefore when a person 
 Just go up for the writing a person and free support a god? 
 Today in America, Jezebel is not a person yet this same spirit is in many. 
 (2) A person who develops or otherwise occupies the identified site. 
 Actual Physical Control: When a person is in a position to control the vehicle, even if they are not actually driving. 
 A person should avoid junk foods or high intake of fats. 
 Determine what language a person speaks using the "Hello, my name is .." form described earlier. 
 "The closure of his term was announced by a political executive (Ram Madhav) and it is quite disheartening that a person   holding a constitutional post  who smoothly handled Kashmir through three unrests for 10 years  deserved this
 I would certainly not charge a person who does not move over, especially if they are traveling at the posted speed limit. 
 Descriptive essays are the best option when it comes to describing and writing about a person . 
 Thesis statement for descriptive essay about a person . 
 Mobile banking also requires a person to have internet access. 
 A person by the system 
 It is true that, in the matter of claim to candidacy, a person who claims to have been duly nominated is on par with a person who, in fact, was duly nominated. 
 That is to say, a person whose nomination paper  admittedly
 others result from a person cries. 
 If a person is using it to ''communicate'' with spirits/guides then it is being used "Mediumisticly" same deal as the ouja board. 
 Buhari added: "Now, what I do is when a person cannot justify what he has or fails to declare as the constitution specifies
 When a kappa sumo wrestles with a person who has eaten rice that was offered to Buddha, the kappa is defeated. 
 The number of outbreaks a person experiences varies with an average of four to five outbreaks per year. 
 If a person feels that he is facing something strange and unknown  something that he is inclined to regard as supernatural
 Also, when a person has good EQ, he/she is confident and knows how to carryout himself/herself in public places. 
 A person could view her decision as being selfish. 
 "Thinking about this or that feature of a person apart from taking the whole person into account doesn''t predict actual attraction," Eagly said. 
 From a dispute in the Field of Mars, the affair was brought before the senate, where it was voted, "that when a person sued for any post  which by the laws he was permitted to hold
 Suppose that a person is planning to invest in only one stock rather 
 (If a person is judged to have died a martyr
 And I''m so glad to welcome you back to another in a series of Flash Classes, especially today when we have a person who''s both a really big influence in the field  but also a friend and so it''s really great to welcome her
 asserting that an experienced doctor will be able to go beyond textbook diagnosis  to understand his/her patient as a person and figure out the best methods to holistically treat that individual. 
 When choosing the college a person fall in love with at first look? 
 Therefore, the social performance of a person can be shaken to its core on all levels. 
 enhanced hearing  a machine gun in his hips (LOL)  instant language translation  and the ability to distinguish if a person is good or evil. 
 and whether it is as useful as it it seems for basic principles is dubious  because even though a person does not consciously know their lot in life
 One possible source of the name appears to be due to an error in translation of a statement by Taiichi Ohno, a person presumed by the Lean community to be a primary source for Lean thinking. 
 For that reason, I try to avoid the term "undocumented," since a person might have a social security card  passport  birth certificate  and work authorization card
 "For a person to commit suicide, it means he has evil spirits because a normal person cannot think that way. 
 The biggest challenge is to maximize a person s potential ability. 
 I''d say a person who could make a joke like that either has a great marriage or not a real marriage at all. 
 When a person 
 market analytics  and many other domains where data shouldn''t be easily traced back to a person . 
 Like it or not, research shows again and again that we respond at a subconscious level to how a person is dressed and ''judge'' accordingly. 
 There are several reasons why a person may want to reconsider wearing shoes with heels and trade them for flat styles instead. 
 Thus, if an offence is non-cognizable then the police officer cannot arrest a person unless a warrant has been issued by the competent authority. 
 That is carried out in order that Sekabet makes sure that a person will be the profile operator where there are no misunderstandings. 
 The delay cannot by itself vitiate the decision to detain a person and this is fully demonstrated by the cases of Rajendra Prasad v. State of Uttar Pradesh and another
 Would like to a person succeed. 
 Style, élan, humor, sex appeal, snap: the things that make a person super fun to be around, or just any fun at all. 
 When a person has decided to purchase these watches
 Don''t avoid talking about the dead person as a person with good, bad and mediocre characteristics and don''t avoid using the words ''dead'', ''grief'' or ''mourning'', etc. 
 For this question, Alan, I only can give you my opinion that I think when a person who says he is able to feel the presence of an essence  and he confirms the presence of an essence
 Buying a brand new car has to be one of the worst financial decisions a person can make. 
 Without freedom a person is stunted and all progress halts. 
 In the words of Mitt Romney – a person who has since learned from bitter experience – we may "work hard  keep the rules  cross every t
 Can Getting a Flu Vaccine Give a Person the Flu? 
 While energy efficiency may not be the first thing a person thinks about when it comes time to replace Residential Roofing in Burleson TX, perhaps it should be. 
 It is not the job of the EC to determine whether a person has committed a crime or not or indeed to even charge a person with a crime. 
 The local loan shark will loan a person $1000 if person agrees to repay the loan. 
 If they attempt to repair it themselves, they can create additional problems that could severely injure a person or harm any equipment stored in the garage. 
 For example, does a person want to invest in land or a fully constructed house? 
 Jumping to the ground he walked in closing the door if there was a person 
 We just had people unwilling to take responsibility so we left it in the hands of a person who can''t deal with it. 
 I spoke at length to a person that I was fortunate to make an acquaintance with, whom just happened to be a practising Muslim. 
 A person that felt lost from a part of their feelings or experiences could be helped by a healing ritual that did several things. 
 A person 
 Many times a person will visit a site and not stay. 
 The government should be able to tell a person what they can or can''t do with their own body, especially if it does no harm to anyone else right? 
 When that is combined with the situation of a person going down, I can''t imagine it having any less of a psychological impact as stabbing. . 
 sign into FB and pour my overly-emo heart out to someone but as it turns out  I like them too much as a person to burden them that way. 
 "Still, I feel it is important for all of my children to realize that no matter what kind of mood a person is in
 Similarly, sometimes the Bar Association passes a resolution that they will not defend a person who is alleged to be a terrorist or a person accused of a brutal or heinous crime or involved in a rape case. 
 Large areas of wall space followed the basketball theme, with direct to wall prints showing a ''lay up'', a person scoring a basket – in motion across the full length of the wall. 
 Let''s continue with the example of "Juan is a citizen of USA" and assume the following statement is true: " a person can only be citizen of one country." 
 Never give power to anything a person believes is their source of strength - jufa http://theillusionofgod.yuku.com 
 A value judgment of the consciousness of a person , relating them to an animal or inanimate object. 
 All combinations demonstrate such tremendous random character: from this follows, that every action of a person has an infinitely large influence on everything that is to come. 
 Never give power to anything a person believes is their source of strength - jufa 
 If a person makes progress, they should eventually become free agents on their own, not hanging around. 
 and the English word "Swiss" means a person or thing from Switzerland. 
 Somebody called a person a "pig" and I''m just asking what their foundation is for it. 
 05 June 2007 u have told on service render by lab.means service is the amount less the material used suppose a person 
 If a person has a habit of listening to loud music while driving, they might not hear the noises coming from their trailers. 
 a person (11c) shall be served summons to attend Parliament by a police officer or other person authorised by the clerk. 
 a person is or will be entitled (directly or through another person) to an economic entitlement in relation to the land. 
 Does a person have to act like a robot to show that they love reality? 
 is that the mind is full of different and non-unified drives  and the more dominant ones in a person are their real message. 
 If it was true that things are what they appear to be, and appearances are partially dependant upon a person and his mental processes then it would be possible to break the rule of A=A, perhaps? 
 claiming God has the power to make a person eat anything and that his teachings were based on scripture. 
 Hi Domino, As we see you are very interested of RB affair not knowing what is hapening indeed, but probably you are a person searching a shady deal in each case. 
 One even learns of a scandal that Madame Curie went through, sleeping with a person that was not to be part of her life and how the press  at that time  I''m saying not now folks  but at that time
 At this point in my life I was already changing as a person so I did not say anything. 
 I think we do a person an injustice simply categorizing her/him by attained age. 
 Through object tracking system, we see how tracking system follows a person as they move into a certain area, which trigger certain events depending on the person''s movements. 
 • Find a person working in your chosen field (contact your major adviser for suggestions if you do not personally know anyone). 
 Achiever is a person that take great satisfaction from being busy and productive, B). 
 For, although a person 
 or any property situate in India transferred  on or after the 5th day of July  2019 by a person resident in India to a person outside India." 
 What does Georgia law say about when it is appropriate for a person to use deadly force? 
 of varying importance that serve as guiding principles in the life of a person or other social entity''  identifying 10 motivational types of values
 belittle  and demean said black person*) could stomach the notion that a person should be obliged to scream such things at another person in the street
 but there is definitely alot of causes that puts a person on an individual path  or keeps a person in the herd
 an offer to aid you with a thing you need may be his delicate method of signaling their affinity for a person . 
 "It was because of comics they came to the realisation they only drew themselves as a person of the opposite sex," says Jhelisa. 
 which is $400 000 less than the authority now pays the city''s Parks Department for its officers  according to a person with knowledge of the PEP contract. 
 In the decision of N & M (2006) FLC 93–296, the Family Court explained that a "reasonable person" is " a person 
 Learned counsel for the appellant-State contends that the question whether a person is in possession of an arm or had transferred and delivered it to another, is largely one of fact. 
 "A machine doesn''t think like a person ," said Gartner''s Pacheco. 
 A. A person is guilty of unlawful distribution of a theft detection shielding device when he knowingly manufactures  sells
 ways and means to ensure that a diaspora is a person who is residing in another country legitimately and who has lived abroad over the years and has an address. 
 I would say the scenario would be a person or two standing shooting from the sides of the vehicle? rifles. 
 But beyond percentages, we mustn''t forget that each figure represents a person . 
 Caregiving is one of the most selfless things a person can do, yet one of the most challenging. 
 You as a person aren''t defined by your hair. 
 Pedestrians do not have any protection from vehicles, and the sheer size difference between a person and the average car makes these accidents very severe and often fatal. 
 What makes a person assume that they know the source? 
 They''ll be more interested in you as a person and whether you''re the right fit for their brand. 
 · The total of your first and second provisional payments is less than 90% of your assessed income tax as a person earning less than R1 million 
 as a well-educated person holding a prestigious job  Azim says her "dominant experience in this world has been as a person of color navigating majority-white spaces, usually keenly aware of my status as an outsider." 
 a person 
 Even with stringent privacy settings, a person with the right Internet tools can still access certain information. 
 The "glorification of terrorism" was as vague as section 13''s "any matter likely to expose a person or persons to hate." 
 An individual that does not comprehend or value individual finance is a person that is not likely to conserve a great deal of cash
 Under her arrangement, a person could mix a cake, put it in the oven, and do the dishes, without taking more than a couple of dozen steps. 
 "[Thomas] is literally reset as a person , so it''s sort of interesting what happens. 
 This week I got a letter from a person who injured their back and ribs after they were thrown from their horse. 
 ADJ If you describe a person or their behaviour as false, you are criticizing them for being insincere or for hiding their real feelings. 不真诚的 [表不满] 
 A violation occurs if the fortune teller can "stop bad luck," "give good luck," "win the affection of a person ," or "tell where to dig for treasure," in return for "gain or lucre." 
 They are required whenever you''re within 6 feet of a person not in... 
 Would you go up to a person on the street and ask them that? 
 It occurs frequently when a person has a cold or an attack of influenza. 
 A person that has a personal identification number without these possibilities. 
 a person with a group or characteristic. 
 It is a culture taught to children and encouraged as they grow up to the point that a person becomes a life- long reader, and , thus, a life- long learner. 
 a person or thing worries or frightens someone very much. 神志 [强调] 
 They fire both when a specific action is performed and when a person observes the same action performed by another -- a process called mirroring. 
 It may be frustrating but we just cannot know what day is the day a person is going to live or die until the outcome is evident. 
 "Speaking Absolute Life to a Person that May be on their Deathbed!" 
 One of another hypothesis from shantam with small "i" is.. the next big wave of spirituality from India will be spread by a person who does not have the Santa Claus kind of look! 
 So a person can be an alcoholic for much of their life
 In an effort to be prepared, a person who has suffered trauma becomes more sensitized to expecting further traumatic events. 
 N-COUNT A bearer of a particular thing is a person who carries it, especially in a ceremony. 
 Then, once in a while, there is someone who knows a lot and has also developed their being and you call that a person of understanding. 
 If a person is plugged in to the search world, we usually get this response: "Oh! 
 Arbitration means settlement of civil disputes amicably by appointing an arbitrator or a person to judge the dispute and pass an award with mutual consent by the parties in dispute. 
 lifelong friendships  and ultimately what has shaped my faith and who I am as a person today. 
 Once a person 
 Q16 (rephrased): Should we expect to receive a steady stream of information from a person who chose the nickname "BlackHole"? 
 "the world''s largest vaccine manufacturer and a producer of the AstraZeneca jab  said a person with knowledge of the talks." 
 William Fuller, the constable, saw the prisoner Bough on the mule and said he had had it from a person named Hatton at Newport. 
 you will learn that there is a new profession here called "reputation manager" – a person 
 He argued that a person should not be too perturbed if one lied or bore false witness against him. 
 Signing a person up even if he or she is not right for a vacant volunteer position you need to fill
 I''m an impossible, type A person who works ridiculous hours  who doesn''t have time to be sick  and doesn''t have the patience for it either
 All those wo are so close minded to judge a person because of his/her orientation - stay away from us! 
 I felt that the way McKey related to me as a person was perfect emotionally he included me in his life and made it clear that he wanted me to be there. 
 The consensus reality in which a person 
 Homeowners who remove trees on their own residential property, without cost of a person or company engaged in removing the tress for a fee
 By using a sauna a person is getting rid of these toxins and creating a better environment within their body. 
 A PERSON MICHELLE IS. 
 A person must know that nothing, absolutely nothing happens without Hashem. 
 A person 
 Crossing over or through a body of water is one of the most mystical–and profound–acts a person can pursue. 
 Kina sent Petey into piles of rubble that were too small for a person to fit through. 
 However in 1861, it was decided that, instead of the printing being contracted out, a person should be employed full time to carry out the printing. 
 A person looks at porn and swears he''ll never go past that  then ends up in strip joints and massage parlors  then prostitution
 "The main reason a person becomes a serial killer lies within the individual himself," Dr Pistorius said shortly before Thwala''s arrest. 
 However, the Home Office has recently announced that even if a person is not found guilty, their information will be held on the database for a number of years. 
 It simply covers offenses that naturally involve a person acting in disregard of the risk that physical force might be used against another in committing an offense. 
 I said, ''Look, the job of a doctor is to relieve a person of pain, and not induce pains. 
 I. p. xxiii, Every name of a person   place  book  poem  prose work  or a ''situation'' in Whitman''s life and times that seemed to me to call for annotation
 Could a person evade the payment and play the song for free? 
 Adoption means adopting a child by a person and makes himself responsible for the care, maintenance and education of the adopted child. 
 But it isn''t a person & doesn''t compare to my wife, my family, my human friends, even my cat. 
 A person 
 There is not a person on this planet whose mind isn''t wired to tell them things that bring self doubt, self awareness, or pause. 
 a person 
 Therefore, nothing changes when a person engages in worrying. 
 a person who speaks a language other than English and who cannot readily understand or communicate in the English language. 
 I have to clip him back on if I see another dog or a person as he is off! 
 If a person is not willing to enter the spiritual path and undertake all the discipline that it implies
 a person on headset will help you with your advertising. 
 Because such a person would have good critical faculties  an eye for bunk
 If a person is too cold, the cold can be turned down, and the hot raised. 
 A person with Alzheimer''s disease may forget simple words  or substitute inappropriate words
 In "The Negro as He Really is" Du Bois ([1901] 2011) addressed the issue of the "car-window sociologists" as a person who studies the "Negro problems" from the peripheral yet professes to know and understand the race. 
 Finally, I should note that moral courage by itself is not sufficient to make a person a constructive force in the world. 
 And a person is simply something that is moving, that is tall and wide (contraty to cars which are wider than tall). 
 alleged misconduct or professional competence of: (a) An elected member of a public body; or (b) A person 
 For instance, certain things that [we] can say without recrimination, a person of color would be ignored if they said . . . for [us] to assert that racism is still very much in effect
 "None of the language here quoted would, according to its natural import include a person that was adopted as a child by one of the testator''s children
 Knowing whether matters are "lawful" or "not lawful" is not, per se, beyond a person of common understanding. 
 General questions of an expert about the effect of a particular type of incident on a person in the plaintiff''s condition are improper absent evidence showing that the plaintiff''s condition had  in fact
 a person could be convicted. 
 or any change in the recipient''s circumstances and condition which a person of ordinary understanding would understand to affect the recipient''s need or eligibility for public assistance
 Q: And as well as when looking in terms of what they [battered women] would perceive as a person was making threats toward them
 Because of society''s great dependence on private vehicles and the obvious dangers which may arise when a person is unexpectedly separated from his vehicle
 Sex - The characteristics that identify a person as male  female or intersex (people born with physical features  especially genitals or chromosomes
 By describing the crime as the possession of two or more payment instruments of " a person " with intent to deprive "the person" of those instruments
 The root question presented on this appeal is: Can a police officer after lawfully arresting a person for a minor misdemeanor
 "(1) Under the rule stated in § 35, the confinement may be by taking a person into custody under an asserted legal authority. 
 and a person cannot be prevented from practicing an occupation except for valid reasons. 
 [3] We agree with appellant that the rule established in this state is that, in the absence of a statute to the contrary, a person 
 Gallo established that if the employee is entitled to the benefits during his disability period (as a person would be if he or she had accumulated 1 080 hours)
 A person who continually leaves those who count on her for guidance frustrated and empty. 
 from the Association of Beer Distributors of Illinois  a group he mistook for a person when they first contacted him ("Who''s Abdi?" 
 a person and on Sunday morning Gore, as Fox''s Jim Angle put it, "suggested the election is a choice between good and evil." 
 On the phone, and we can be faulted for this, we''ll fault ourselves for it if there''s fault to be assessed, a person we believed to be a Coast Guard Lieutenant said that debris had been found and it was consistent with a Saratoga Piper. 
 Should we not mean, in the case of the neurotic, a person whose judgment is often efficient in dealing with many challenges in day to day life
 It can be difficult to provide this support when a person is not eligible or able to participate in typical formal opportunities. 
 According to Forbes quoting ExecuNet "Up to 70% of employers who have used LinkedIn say they''ve chosen not to hire a person based on what they''ve found out about them online. 
 You can count me as one of those people who believes that a person receiving a death sentence has got to have some effect on somebody. 
 Don''t talk after every song – they are trying to eat, but you are there and you''re a person , so say something. 
 Self-involvement is exclusive preoccupation with what affects a person , with no regard whatsoever for what affects others. 
 A person who has been arrested may be searched under LEPRA. 
 and share invaluable tools that Ayurveda uses to help a person rebuild digestive strength (agni) and a supportive lifestyle following an eating disorder. 
 A criminal conspiracy requires a person   "with intent that conduct constituting a crime be performed
 A summary of House Bill 2320 notes only that "[a] concern exists that a person who commits certain violent sex offenses should qualify as a persistent offender after only two such offenses
 What biological factors lead a person to respond better to one form of exercise over another? 
 A television show casting for a person of a specific cultural background for a role, for reasons of authenticity. 
 Black''s Law Dictionary defines deputy as: "A substitute; a person 
 When Anasuya was about to serve them food they told her that they had taken a vow whereby they could not accept alms from a person wearing clothes. 
 Sebastian (Chile): "Well, I''m 17 years old, and I feel that when a person is really free  free of supernatural and mystical elements
 New Year''s Eve is one of the biggest celebrations a person can plan. 
 For example, a person may "learn" that buying shares in companies with good growth prospects delivers higher than average returns
 The passive state can be produced without crystal gazing,note 4 i.e., if a person gazes at any object for a prolonged period the natural vision is dulled
 If you''re anti-racist or a person of colour, steer clear; if you''re BNP or EDL, come on down, this is your sort of place. 
 A person in his condition didn''t just happen upon a .38 caliber off-ramp by accident. 
 In a scenario whereby a person got married a multiple of times, the reasons as to why the previous relationships did not work can be given. 
 A person is short of breath after just a little activity. 
 Sacrifice is a command given to make explicit that the indicated target -- an object, a person , an enemy, or (rarely) a Hybrid Alpha Series minion -- is no longer to exist at the end of the task. 
 "Ensuring a person is on the cheapest energy deal is now easier than ever as you can register them with an energy auto-flipping site
 If a person   denied access to medical help  has a contagious disease and doesn''t receive treatment
 A person is designated as the Caller who will be in charge of flipping these cards and calling out their values. 
 a person , usually a child, who dials 911 and hangs up. 
 a person by virtue only of their sexual orientation. 
 Still, the old woman did not seem that bad a person . 
 Once it is established that a person is de jure stateless, he/she keeps this status until he/she acquires nationality in some country. 
 Mind you, I''m not sure what effect having a banana for a head would have on a person ...." 
 The second time around, Catherine seems far more tragic, almost like a wounded bird (T. says "a dove and a person are just the slightest variations of each other")
 a person to suppress the intuitive clarity of the wrongness of abortion
 So don''t let that define who you are as a person . 
 everyone was happy to take part in honoring a person who has been an integral part of Dummerston life for decades. 
 Likewise, if you are a person of faith, you could support decriminalisation, because criminalisation causes harm. 
 BRATTLEBORO–The Selectboard closed its Aug. 4 meeting early as a result of a person who heckled town officials and shared a multimedia cornucopia of sexist, racist, and profane language and music. 
 but the foetus has no rights ''over'' the mother  and is not a person until birth. 
 Such a person would enter forthwith into the hellfire. 
 a person to experience. 
 some of my friends I thought were not that smart  it wouldn''t really affect how much I liked a person , but I feel like I even would think about a person and think things like, "His IQ is probably around 120." 
 If a person does not receive Communion every day, he should do so at least once a week. 
 However, the Law steers clear of any other-worldly judgment concerning such a person 
 But how are we to render it when it is used of a person ? 
 Unless one thinks reason is a whore, any sensible person understands that a person who holds an arbitrary flavor of belief calling another a heretic is baseless. 
 As artists, but also as citizens, as a person , as a woman. 
 exclamation points and arrows that look as if the writer inserted them with a pen after it was written weren''t made by a person . 
 I could only imagine what could be done with this item, from a person with a creative imagination. 
 The Landmines Treaty defines an anti-personnel mine as, "a mine designed to be exploded by the presence or contact of a person and that will incapacitate, injure, or kill one or more persons." 
 Modern slavery is when a person or group of people are made to take part in forced labour. 
 Patty, I read that account of a person who received a dissappointing reading. 
 "When you want to attack an army, besiege a city or kill a person , first you must know about their defending generals, their visitors, their gatekeepers and their servants. 
 lean on His ways  meet Him in your devotions  learn from Him in your studies  and receive His Will as a person who is rooted in Christ. 
 A special emergency is a condition of air piracy, or other hostile act by a person (s) aboard an aircraft, which threatens the safety of the aircraft or its passengers 
 The whole model is dedicated to helping a person to boost their situation and also to boost their creditworthiness in the act. 
 Warning: Pursuant to section 338 of the Criminal Code 2002, a person 
 And till the time a person does not have birth certificate NABC will fulfill the requirement. 
 Deceased donor: This is a person who has died but had decided to donate a kidney. 
 Delusions are false beliefs that a person holds on to in the face of evidence to the contrary. 
 you can play it safe by designating a person to move the pieces for everyone (ask one of the kids). 
 where we can slap someone  write something very careless or attack a person by communicating things we''d never have the guts to do if the person was in front of us. 
 As part of a comprehensive treatment program, a person develops coping mechanisms for when their triggers arise. 
 In addition, a person 
 a person is hit at 40mph than at 30mph. 
 treatment or recovery; instead dramatizing the lengths these illnesses can take a person . 
 co-occurring substance use disorders  and genetic predisposition to psychosis appear to make it less likely that a person will recover fully from meth-induced psychosis. 
 Insurance coverage is an extremely vital facet of a person . 
 which is why they''re often used for initial screening on whether a person has COVID-19 or not. 
 The bracelet measure about 7-1/4 inches and would be best for a person with a 6-1/2 to 7 inch wrist size. 
 The police were wrong to beat a person who was not even fighting back." 
 When a person eats or drinks something sugary or particularly acidic  such as citrus juice or certain sports drinks
 Being a person of color these days evokes not only excessive attention by police: 
 "The bed received no damage; the blankets and sheets were only raised on one side, as when a person rises up from it  or goes in; the whole furniture  as well as the bed  was spread over with moist and ash-coloured soot
 their travel history will be analysed and checks will also be made to see if they had been in touch with a person who has recently travlled to Goa. 
 The purpose of the Bike program in this city is to close "The last Klick Gap" between a person ''s starting and finishing points. 
 The Social Security Administration has guidelines for determining whether a person with a physical disability or mental health condition is eligible for SSD benefits. 
 A "Sleeping bag" comes in very handy when a person is forced to spend the night in an open area and while camping. 
 Wagner said Krawczuk''s coachability enabled him this season to take steps forward as a player and as a person . 
 "If you are a person of color with a 25 ACT and you''re a high school senior
 Overall its not that bad of shape,it just need a person to put it back together,I need 500.00 down within 24 hrs at the end of the auction. 
 To see what topics a person follows on Twitter, simply add /topics to the end of their account page in a browser. 
 If a person has no specific goals or desired outcomes, they will never know if they have succeeded or not. 
 There is no fast urgency placed on a person to get the debt paid off. 
 â€¢ Hence, if a person wants to register a complaint regarding the commission of a non-cognizable offense
 Minutes after that briefing, a person 
 They assured us that there was always a person at the school who could speak Spanish. 4 Exactly as we had been told
 The online tool shows that in an office of 30 people which is 100 square metres with three metre high ceilings, the risk of a person catching the virus from 9am to 5pm if one person is infected and nobody is wearing masks is 6.06 per cent (pictured) 
 which involve a member of law enforcement  a counselor  and a member of probation and parole  wondering whether a person struggling with addiction would want to work with the trio. 
 I felt peace for the first time  and my Christian walk was no longer about following principles  but about following a Person . 
 Moreover – and this is where the EU position takes a different path from the US ruling in ReDigi - a person 
 and thus ever have to deal with a midwife because if my child was hungry  and a person were to stand between that child and food for woo reasons, I would very possibly punch them. 
 If we hold hate for a person , that hate is generated and held internally – and so for every emotion. 
 It takes just 90 seconds for a person to respond to a text or mobile instant message. 
 Although this appointment is long overdue, we should all be thankful to have a person the caliber of Chief Manley to head the Austin Police Department." 
 For example, it may be easier for a person to use the anticipation of regret to increase physical activity than to decrease alcohol consumption. 
 not the best day I''ve ever had  even if I spent the entire time on the maximum amount of nitrous oxide you can give a person . 
 This song is about how strength and flaw both exist at the same time in a person . 
 To what extent can a person be morally responsible for an evil deed if he was practically certain to do it in the first place? 
 This is story how a person who is real has to meet and accept a "myth" that was created about him. 
 N a person or device that measures the depth of water, etc 测量水深的人; 测量水深的仪器 
 PHRASE If a person or organization goes from strength to strength, they become more and more successful or confident. 越来越兴旺 
 a person takes vacation days. 
 Though I guess, in the end, I''d expect no better from a person who married your husband. 
 then there is a ''death penalty'' or life imprisonment for such a person according to the laws of most of the countries. 
 In general, such a person will be liable for the excise tax if the person assumes  under a legally enforceable written agreement
 The Issuer may not be a person who is ineligible under Indiana Code Section 36-1-11-16. 
 Ibid. Apart from those two possible origins, the Court is unable to find that a person has a constitutionally protected interest in liberty. 
 A turret can optionally have a node called mount1 if you want a person to be able to walk up to the turret and mount it. 
 a Person Picker called (Analyst Name). 
 The inherent right of a person to work and bargain freely with his employer  individually or collectively
 A person engaged in stealing horses is known as a horse thief. 
 What kind of mourning is necessary for a person 
 If a person makes a mistake  by forgetting to say their name or someone else''s  by not responding in time
 "Love and wisdom, or good and truth, seem to be in a person as though they belonged to him
 "Are there not any intelligent ones among them who can show them and convince them of the truth that a person lives as a person after death?" 
 And because God cannot be regarded by a person who is inwardly upside down and thus turned away
 BAPTISM was instituted for a sign that a person is of the Church
 now that drivers are prone to be sure you are going and creating a budget at a person to look at accidents can look for a longer term insurance to cover the expenses. 
 This being so, a person dwells in the light of heaven insofar as intelligence exists with him
 [3] Furthermore, since works are a combination of every aspect of charity and faith present with a person   and since life causes charity to be charity and faith to be faith  and so to be good
 subsequently constraining a person financially so they can''t afford to hire a good lawyer: 
 but only the thing itself  and a thinker* implies a person (on this subject, see n. 5225, 5287, 5434, 8343, 8985, 9007). 
 And especially when they hear that that heavenly delight flows into a person by way of his inmost being and fills him interiorly with indescribable happiness  they are all the more dumbfounded
 The same also applies in every single thing a person does. 
 [2] If therefore a person 
 If it made the wedding couple happy, that is really all that matters in the end, but eating a cake that looked like a person – especially a person I knew – would just be too weird for me. 
 This means that content in the system will be found in many different ways depending on how a person searches or browses the site. 
 A person is at stake. 
 (2) A person conducting lead hazard reduction treatments may not use methods that are prohibited under COMAR 26.02.07.03. 
 (28) "Operator" means a person who owns or manages an agricultural operation. 
 The inactive status is when an online community has not relevance to a person . 
 Since the pressure is being applied by a person , not an event, that person will just find another way to apply the pressure. 
 Left-click on Feet symbol to move around - double-click to run, Eye symbol to get more information about a person or object  Hand symbol to interact with a person\object or pick up items
 Perhaps you are willing to do is to do with where a person looks for it that is affordable and really enjoys it
 most effective form of a dishonest physician a person doesn''t cause an insurer will charge. 
 Effectively, this frees a person from debt. 
 Stalking is when a person is being followed, watched, or harassed by another in a series of encounters over a period of time. 
 A person must not: (1) serve  sell  or expose for sale food or food products  meat or meat products
 If a person congenitally blind  or strongly predisposed to become so  or one who marries a person so born or so disposed
 Place controls entry if you''re a person therefore it does issue, you''re German if you''re attempting to get US from a hotel in Brazil, and you''ll get clogged. 
 Therefore, we witness what is arguably the first death among the Straw Hat Pirates – only it is not that of a person , but of their vessel. 
 If the sources is a person , the information is HEARSAY. 
 â€œchildâ€ means a person under the age of eighteen years; 
 since being observed entering one does not identify a person as seeking an STD test. 
 If a person spent 2 – 4 years earning a degree and was educated only in traditional handling
 But to say something which could appear deceptive, that is where a person can "get into trouble" here. 
000) of the market value of the residence homestead of a person 
 A person who is whole or self-sufficient can reach out to others, and the cycle of equality and giving repeats itself. 
 When a person dies "intestate," that means they''ve passed away without ever making a will. 
 articles or things  including but not limited to controlled substances or drug paraphernalia  that a person is prohibited by Oregon statute or local ordinance from producing, obtaining or possessing. 
 The words that come to mind are those that describe a person cut off from feeling – purposefully cut off. 
 When I talked with scientists who study loneliness, they told me a person relegated to the fringe would perceive things that seemed innocuous to most people as a threat. 
 A person 
 It is essential for a person to eat about 50 grams of protein per day to avoid malnutrition. 
 A "national" is defined in 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(21) as a person who owes allegiance to a "state", and that state is the state of the Union I was born in. 
 a person started collecting, it kinda piled on a little," Riggleman said. 
 When a person has allegiance and domicile to a place or society other than where he lives
 a person authorized to solemnize marriages under section 517.18  or a person authorized to practice marriage and family therapy under section 148B.33. 
 a person and as a professional is part of a bigger life, a bigger career, and a bigger set of problems than just one one-off. 
 He likened the situation to being similar to when a person 
 as he was at that moment  as Kinch had supposed  fast asleep  and totally oblivious of the fact that such a person as his hungry descendant was in existence. 
 a person who lived through that event. 
 A person who adjusts the scale weight of corn or soybeans both for moisture content and for handling  processing
 When a person issues a complete modification for the game  as Fontenoy does  it should be issued all-in-one
 "Finest kind of a person ," said Elnora. 
 (b) "individual charged with the responsibility of grounding aircraft" means a person 
 there shall not be included waste recorded on low-level radioactive waste manifests by a person whose principal business is providing a service by arranging for the collection  transportation  treatment
 It can be hard to judge whether or not a person is the right co-founder by their internet profiles, so many prefer to meet someone in person. 
 A person who fails to qualify prior to the time specified shall be deemed to have refused to serve
 A person calling a funeral home in "panic mode" is less likely to ask for a price list, he added. 
 The number provided must be the telephone number of a person 
 Section 9 of the RDA prohibits a person doing an act involving a distinction  exclusion  restriction  or preference based on race etc
 (3) Every provision of this title which may affect transactions in liquor between a person 
 In addition to the right of a public retraction and apology, a person 
 L. If the director believes from evidence satisfactory to the director that a person is violating or is about to violate subsection A of this section
 Real estate actually occupied and used for the purpose of a homestead by a person 
 (d) Agricultural land used for purposes of a homestead and actively farmed by a person holding a vested remainder interest in it must be classified as a homestead under section 273.13  subdivision 23
 and each city for which the city assessor performs the duties of county assessor  have (i) a person on the assessor''s staff who is certified by the Department of Revenue in sales ratio calculations
 ''usually the government follows the tradition as they don''t prefer a less-important award for a person who has won the highest award in the past.'' 
 In the event such documentation papers or certification are in the name of a person other than the current owner
 (2) A person who traffics in  attempts to traffic in
 (2) A person may not operate a vessel faster than slow speed  minimum wake within 300 feet of any emergency vessel  including
 However, a person is not in contempt while a subpoena is being challenged. 
 (2) A person licensed as a psychologist may not hold himself or herself out as a certified psychology specialist
 (a) A person 
 Upon complaint of a person obtaining judgment against a corporation  or the person''s representatives
 674.2101  and 674.2111  a person gives value for rights if the person acquires them: 
 B. A person shall be subject to a civil penalty of not more than three hundred dollars, if the person does any of the following: 1. 
 if supervised by a person on the premises who is at least nineteen years of age  package or carry merchandise  including spirituous liquor
 " A person has to be aggressive while maintaining professionalism," she says. 
 A person 
 On the nineteenth they arrived at the town of Ata-Sufi, where Kha Zadeh Taj''oddin resided, a person descended from the prophet  originally of the city of Tormul  and son-in-law to Amir Fakr''oddin
 To be eligible to obtain a communication device under this section, a person 
 The head of a treatment facility shall discharge any patient admitted as a person who is mentally ill  chemically dependent
 (2) A person commits the crime of interfering with a mining operation if the person intentionally: 
 (a) By a person that is in the business of performing such services; 
 When a person ingests something poisonous, the poison often negatively affects that person''s nervous system. 
 "Manicurist" means a person who performs the practice of manicuring. 
 a person under that order. 
 A person 
 because they happen to be immediate and near (for that  I take it  is the essence of sentimentalism)-if Harvey had been a person of that kind  he  being one of the kindest men living  would never have pursued those researches which
 A person   partnership  association  or corporation who conducts  or takes part in  any itinerant show  carnival  circus
 Any person who knew or had recently talked to a person accused of espionage could be arrested under the provisions of this sub-section. 
 a person who died an inhabitant of the commonwealth; and trustees under a trust created by a person or persons
 In the event a person is indicted as a result of such immunized testimony
 Unless a person is specifically allergic to Joro spiders, they shouldn''t be concerned. 
 a governing body may deem a person to be qualified to bid on: 
 The commissioner shall also adopt by rule standards to qualify a person 
 sells  barters  trades or offers to buy or sell the legal or physical custody of a person under 18 years of age. 
 "Producer" means a person engaged in the business of producing livestock for profit. 
 A person subject to an order of the court in subsection 4 of section 610.123 who knowingly fails to expunge or obliterate
 However, as slang it has a different connotation, it means a person who employs unscrupulous methods to obtain money." 
 A person violating this subdivision is subject to a penalty of $200 for each violation. 
 No employer of a person required to provide information pursuant to this section shall discharge
 food stamp account number  medical identification number or health insurance identification number of a person . 
 A person who is at least 50 years old who is entitled to disabled widow''s or widower''s benefits under United States Code
 One of the authorised signatories will be a person acting on the authority of the College ADE. 
 saying there may be a disabled vehicle  a person needing to be extricated
 A person shall not fish in any inland waters of the commonwealth  unless he is a minor under fifteen years of age
 inclusive  to a person to keep a billiard  pool or sippio table or a bowling alley for hire  gain or reward
 and may revoke any license granted by it for such cause as it deems sufficient  and without a hearing; provided  that a person licensed to massage or to conduct an establishment for the giving of vapor  pool  shower or other baths in any town may
 A licensee shall not require that a person   party  client
 (Source:Dr Quentin Mungomery, Consultant Psychiatrist, Queensland, Top 10 tips for facilitating RTW for a person with psychological injuries). 
 As used in this section, "elector" means any person entitled to vote as described in NRS 309.110 and includes a person who is obligated to pay general taxes under a contract to purchase real property within the district. 
 whether it consists of gambling between persons or gambling by a person involving the playing of a machine. 
 A person commits the crime of harassment if for the purpose of frightening or disturbing another person, he 
 (24) For recording the name and address, the date and number of the certificate issued to a person registered for the practice of podiatry in the commonwealth, one dollar. 
 (3) "Catch brand" means a mark of brand used by a person as an identifying mark upon forest products and booming equipment previously owned by another. 
 (1) "Aggrieved person" means a person who was a party to any wire
 (5) ''elective medical or surgical procedures'' means treatment that is not essential to the life or health of a person ; 
 A person who is entitled to the land so sold may redeem the same within one year after the sale
 Sections twenty-four to twenty-nine, inclusive, shall not restrict the right of a person who has a lien upon property to hold or dispose of it in any other lawful manner. 
 unless seven days notice of the petition therefor has been given to the department of public welfare  or  in the case of a person incapacitated by reason of mental illness, to the department of mental health. 
 It''s when you''ve said as much as you can say to a person , but you still have more to say. 
 If a person has ... Read More " 
 and then finally admits to Forrest that he has acted like a jerk  asking if he could have a second chance to know his son – " a person of sterling qualities" – better. 
 but because I was amazed by the writer''s assumption that something Christian – a book  a movie  perhaps even a person – cannot possibly be good. 
 You have a person in one of the most fragile states they can be in – wide open to visual input – and a blank cheque for your own actions. 
 Next up a person can buy Photoshop CS, this version contains all the major bells and whistles that made Photoshop famous for $700. 
 At the clutter stage a person has a minor difficulty related to keeping things. 
 I am a person who craves order and routine. 
 a person .14 
 As a person who has owned a pinball machine before, I have a pretty decent idea about how the ball should behave on the table. 
 • When a person falls asleep and wakes up is largely determined by his or her circadian rhythm, a day-night cycle of about 24 hours. 
 one of which – the now-defunct Cryonics Society of California – successfully froze a person for the first time in 1967. 
 Merriam-Webster''s Collegiate Dictionary defines the word "party" as "1: a person or group taking one side of a question, dispute, or contest . . . 4: a particular individual: PERSON." 
 I am discovering that there are limits to how hard a person can bite one''s own tongue. 
 You might conclude that a person has to be somewhere in between to be morally responsible: for example  if a person has a 30-70% of sinning
 There are two coaching centres that I know of in Delhi- one is called Prime Education and the other is run by a person called Naresh. 
 a person is incapable of living chastely outside of marriage? 
 I think he needs to start considering her worthy of serious attention â€" not just as a prop wife, but as a person . 
 How can someone think that a person would consent to having sex while at the same time hurling their guts out the window? 
 Thus a person who was convicted of simple possession of cannabis for the first time could  theoretically at least
 It is not smart for us to judge a person of bad character, or even deny ourselves a wonderful life partner, because we can''t stand their favorite team. 
 I never heard of Charlie Fort – How dumb a person I must be – For judging by his partisans, His was a great mentality. 
 When the computer business is started up I want to start a photographic business for pets i seen a person on TV doing it and it is an easy operation to do from home
 Measuring levels of CO can assist in smoking cessation because when a person stops smoking their body gets rid of the excess CO and begins to repair itself. 
 6.9 The objective of the WCA is to decide whether a person 
 I think that receiving education at elite universities is a great opportunity for anyone, especially if you are a person of color and/or from a working class and/or immigrant background. 
 It is important to know how the fighters a person is betting on like to fight and how they usually match up with the fighting style used by an upcoming opponent. 
 Health care''s "last mile": Because health care must be delivered by a person (at least until we develop electronic delivery systems)
 And also for me, phiten is like an indication of a person wearing it to either be athletic or adventurer (something like that)  that is why I love wearing it always
 Others saw him as a person with immaculate taste and a fearsome stylist - influencing them to dress as they see fit. 
 "Approximately 25 percent of how a person ages is inherited from parents," says Kirkwood. 
 For some of us, these encounters echo earlier occasions in our lives when we felt like our value as a person was determined by other people – usually adults – and fluctuated depending on what they thought of our latest grade
 I''m impressed with what impresses you- I feel you are not a person how stives to impress- It''s more of a natural thing you have. 
 was canceled because prior to the official weigh-ins an altercation broke out between a person associated with Shields and Ali. 
 Not a potential person, but a person at that very moment ... it can compel things no born baby can. 
 But other research shows that cost often gets in the way of adherence, leading a person to cut back on doses without a doctor''s guidance, to not refill a prescription or to skip doses altogether. 
 But those degrees matter, just the littlest degree can be detrimental, and make a person   be not who they are... like twins
 And I would think less of her as a person if she didn''t care for her dad. 
 You want to give more but looking after a person on your own is draining
 A young child, or a felon, or a person with a history of domestic violence or mental illness acquires a gun and someone gets hurt or killed. 
 The late, great economist Milton Friedman used to say that to understand the motive of a person or organization, follow the self-interest. 
 The course contains pre-recorded classes which cover everything a person needs to know to draw manga. 
 The films represent a new kind of portraiture–a slowly moving, nearly still image of a person . 
 Where a person derives a pecuniary advantage as a result of or in connection with conduct to which this Schedule applies
 When I started to think about ways to test my proposals, I considered an experiment in which a person decided to believe differently about something important and devoted maximum effort to coming to believe it. 
 A person who talks about problems hears only his or her own words
 I don''t personally think high school is the be-all and end-all of a person''s life, and there are a myriad of reasons why a person wouldn''t perform well at school. 
 I''m no doctor but it also occurs to me that sleeping under that kind of weight can''t be good for a person . 
 One of our goals is to prevent fender-benders like this one, which occurred while a person was manually driving the car. 
 and I think it clearly shows this aspect of not only who she is as a candidate; also who she is as a person and what it means to her to act in the role of representative. 
 Well, the Times notes that a person 
 Having a person that actually knows everyone (including every vendor
 The central issue is not to forget, but what to do when I remember how a person has wronged me. 
 Except to throw a diseased animal at a person , you have to come into contact with the animal yourself. 
 a person first receives the sacrament of the Eucharist  usually as a child of about seven
 payment  gift  discount  or transfer of any item of value to the policyholder by or on behalf of a person 
 This also applies to a situation where a person takes reprisals against a person whom they mistakenly believe made the public interest disclosure. 
 The affected premises reported a confirmed positive case of COVID-19 in a person that was in contact with the mink. 
 Officials confirmed that a person aged over 90 had died in the Moncton area
 a person you''d have said I was crazy." 
 Brother, said Mr. Petulengro, I was just now looking in your face, which exhibited the very look of a person conscious of the possession of property; there was nothing hungry or sneaking in it. 
 See In- in, and Sufflation.] The act of breathing on or into anything; especially: (a) (R. C. Ch.) The breathing upon a person in the sacrament of baptism to symbolize the inspiration of a new spiritual life. 
 Given that almost every inmate will one day be released, Room for Debate asks: How can prison time change a person for the better, instead of harming and hardening? 
 And, from my experiences, why I would regard such a person   once born
 When this happens, the very best and only choices process an unsecured loan tenants and no homeowners a lot applies to a person http://www. bobsshorttermloans.co.uk/ Usually
 Regardless of a person ethnic origin, the laws must apply. 
 He then cites Usama Hasan, a person of some fame but absolutely no authority  as saying  "there was a rival view in Islamic jurisprudence
 If a person paid €500,000 in 2006 for a house that was worth €100,000 in Dublin ten years earlier, he is working for the banks. 
 Equally a return to full employment cannot end this recession since a person returning to work doesn''t increase the money supply. 
 Absent a confession, however, it is hard to be certain about what a person wanted. 
 allowing us to view the progression of him as a songwriter as well as a person who, like us, is simply experiencing life. 
 a person cannot take instruction from people above them then that limits that person''s ability to work. 
 Olyott says that according to Section 1 of OHSACT, the term "workplace" is defined to mean "any premises or place where a person performs work in the course of his (or her) employment". 
 When you have leg muscles constricted for a long period of time to keep a person upright, that equation works out towards a reduction of blood flow every time. 
 Allows a person 
 We need to take into consideration the time-frame in which a person lived before judging their actions and character (or what we know of their character). 
 As a person who has pledged to fight corruption  you should hold yourself to a higher standard
 When a person feels overwhelmed with sadness and despair he or she can''t see a way forward. 
 - The owner of Coulee House Inn and Suites told police that a person had opened a pop machine and taken the coins and drink. 
 a person 
 Under 28 U.S.C. § 1782, "[t]he district court of the district in which a person 
 Securities  or Other Property from the inside the Premises or Financial Institution Premises: 1. to a person 
 to protect the evidence or a person who is at risk, or to protect an employer''s reputation. 
 "The basic conflict in the human mind–present, I believe, in all particular conflicts–is that between a person warmly existing to his finger tips
 The amount of muscle a person has is a very strong determinant in the ability to burn calories and shed fat. 
 Surely, a person as popular as Batman has the right to be included in excess of 100 titles over the overall web. 
 "Coaching is unlocking a person 
 When a person has a need for a drug & alcohol recovery programme
 Wishes used as a method of making certain a person will actually play an activity and how the person certainly won''t try and run the casino just for a ride. 
 Sex is a very non-public component and you can simplest percentage it with a person , who is romantically linked with you. 
 He''s a human being, a person with a first name. 
 St. Ambrose writes to a person 
 For example, if a person is self-employed
 When a person has two or more given names and they normally go by other than the first given name
 A person who fixes these roofs is called a thatcher. 
 Well it is, and I can''t think of anything better than a nice hot bowl of soup or stew to make a person feel comforted when their feeling down. 
 A person viewing our excited hugs of congratulations would have thought we were graduating from high school
 When a person suffers - from disease  oppression  or want - he naturally seeks the assistance of persons who have the knowledge
 My example of a person 
 as being the most likely to make the concept of a person intelligible. 
 a person in accordance with Jewish tradition. 
 we have no record of such a person . 
 A person may spend years acquiring enough earthly knowledge and skills to master a given subject. 
 Bingham made three statements, none of them challenged on the Floor, which indicate that a natural born citizen is a person born on US soil to parents who were US citizens. 
 The federal estate tax laws (and the inheritance or estate tax laws of most states), provide that any assets over which a person 
 He said it enough times, if a person believes in him they will never die. 
 I like how a person can contemplate and then click to the next one. 
 ** "There is no such thing as a person . 
 and even more to assess its impact on business performance  they ideally want to know what a person can do in the foreign language. 
 For instance, the researcher may decide to select a person occurring after every ten individuals on the list. 
 According to the Bible, a person is not primarily a body which happens to have a living soul
 I''m a person with albinism and low vision. 
 Our community deserves a person who is caring and, at the same time practical and has the skills to sort things out so that which has to be done is done. 
 My sexual (and often many other feelings) about a person were based on an internal and apparently arbitrary internal template. 
 his fast will be void and it will be obligatory upon him to give qadha of that fast  as well as Kaffarah. 1633. * If a person investigates whether or not he has enough time at his disposal  and believing that he has time for Ghusl
 a person 
 "If a person forces a someone to jump 27 metres down into the water  that person should realize that normally  you don''t survive
 The Thorn Birds explores the age old question; "Can a person truly love two people at once?" 
 As a person raised by teachers  who is cousin to many teachers  who is married to a special education teacher
 It''s like committing to the health of a person while implanting a deadly disease in their chest. 
 It is, however, possible to deal with such a person because his actions have a logic and pattern. 
 I love leaf as a person 
 As a person , he did not make any comment, sir. 
 So Sklar was looking for a person with a reasonable amount of intelligence
 When a person contacts me it is not by chance - there is a reason why this has happend. 
 a person or organization; or (m) engage in activities that would violate any local  state  provincial
 I wouldn''t want to be a like a person who would shoot someone simply because they believe something different to themselves. 
 Remember, sex is not just an act, it is a person and it very very often produces other persons. 
 a person [ Onitenmasapiens''s advice column | Ask Onitenmasapiens A Question ] 
 These are all methods of ways to get to know a person . 
 I have never seen a person with worse acne than me. 
 Jaime answered Monday July 3 2006, 10:18 pm: okay when you loose your virginity you have to have intercourse with a person 
 a person "less shy" they just have to get used to you, and get to know you. 
 Most importantly, a person 
 Do you think a person   who abused  toyed  and nearly lost all of his hold dear by the evil of the others
 Interview a person who has migrated or is a refugee. 
 The 419 scam is a kind of fraud where a person receives an unsolicited communication (usually email
 The manga''s story centers on Sadai, a person who heads into the mountains with the intent of taking his own life, but instead encounters a mysterious gentle girl. 
 Walking on the empty street walking with an empty mind met a person 
 Aromantic Asexual is a person who experiences little or no romantic attraction to others. 
 His notion of individuation is, simply put, "the process" by which a person becomes fully one''s true self. 
 where you might make 12 separate statements about a person , half of them contradictory. 
 If he doesn''t respect you enough (just as a person ) to talk to your BEST FRIEND like that, well, then it doesn''t matter if you were in a rough patch or not. 
 Kristol can also be dubbed as a person with multi roles. 
 I personally believe that a surgeons''s photographic technique and documentation provides a person who is considering surgery a very clear statement of how organized  meticulous
 I found Nick to be a person of infectious enthusiasm and genuine friendliness. 
 a person is pregnant and they take birth control will it kill the baby? im scared please help me. 
 and other really important when attempting to use my tv as a monitor or are these just titles to keep things straight so a person 
 That is the kind of a person I regard as a hero. 
 A person whose actions lead to the death of an unborn child (Crimes Act  S182)  other than to preserve the life of the mother
 Her mother is the worst example of a person who doesn''t understand why Frances would reject a seemingly glamorous lifestyle and
 This rule broadly provides that if (under the terms of a will or otherwise) property is held for a person on condition that (s)he survives another for a specified period of not more than six months
 A person will currently have that would decide
 No less a person than Amartya Sen  the Nobel Prize-winning Economist
 If a person did not have feelings of oughtness or rightness
 Now if the Spirit were not a Person , but rather an impersonal force, as the Watchtower claim, it would be like saying "it seemed good to the wind and to us." 
 In an article about the Devil, the Watchtower list some requirements of what qualifies one to be a person : "You will note  too  that these accounts relate conversations between the Devil and God
 Since, we all crave to heal what I call, Old Scars, we tend to replay them with a person who emotionally resembles the parent who let us down. 
 This range specifies all discount coupon that gives a person 
 an artist and writer  a raconteur  an arrested adolescent  and an alien– a person uniquely qualified to introduce young Americans to the world of adult hypocrisy in the pages of a magazine called MAD. 
 A person close to Freeh on Wednesday said that despite the extension request
 I''ve lost count of the number of readings I''ve given where an animal has been there, sitting alongside a person who''s recently passed, a companion in death as in life. 
 A man is in custody after a person was shot and killed in an office building in North Philadelphia late Friday morning, 10/1. 
 The presence of legionella bacteria does not mean that a person will contract Legionnaires'' disease. 
 This is the approach that applies where a person has multiple residences and does not make an election. 
 · Supervision, teaching, training, instruction or care of children by a person who is subject to regular day to day supervision in their work
 You shouldn''t do heavy physical exercise, such as a person of size walking, after eating a large meal." 
 Show a person a picture of an infant boy or an infant girl. 
 What makes a person a true Christian? 
 And just as a person wants to feel that things can change but also are, so Villon has accomplished that here. 
 But these are the takes of a person who speaks none of the relevant languages, so I hold them very lightly. 
 When a person says something to please Allah, then Allah ́s mercy descends upon the gathering, causing all to benefit." 
 Find numerous great new & used choice acquire the greatest discounts for i really like a person so much that we quit tinder 11oz ceramic cup at best internet based cost at ! 
 When a person is deficient in vitamin D, he can experience muscle weakness. 
 Should you choose, a person may find your without your understanding or agreement. 
 Will you be categorized as a person that is disabled need of money support? 
 A person who runs and lifts weights develops a measure of physical strength. 
 A PERSON REQUIRED TO USE A WHEELCHAIR. 
 However, what kind of answers would we receive if we asked an Anuak, an Oromo, an Amhara, an Ogadeni, a Tigrayan, a person from Benishangul-Gamuz, Afar or from the Southern Nations to define human rights? 
 == Accuracy indisputes== An accuracy indispute happens when a person ''''accurately'''' shoots someone else in the head. 
 I do not think the measure of a person to be what he (or she) did in combat--thats A measure but not even the most critical one. 
 Without goals, a person has no clear plan for achievement. 
 No German is to have an Italian as a comrade unless he understands German; but if he does have such a person , all that he has shall be taken from him. 
 Yserr: Yeah right, going to insult a person involved in the project like that. 
 He was particularly beaming about how working in his kitchen can take a problem person and turn them into a person with pride. 
 The anti-avoidance rules (at ITTOIA 2005, s 624) further state that if a person creates a settlement but retains an interest
 For business people, it means lightning fast uploads and downloads that don''t leave a person wasting their time sitting in front of a computer. 
 psychopathic criminals watched videos of one person hurting another  did not empathize with a person in pain until they were asked to empathise with the individual in pain. 
 Ebay seems like a sleazy place for audio stuff, chance for scams, etc. Other than bro deals, what should a person do? 
 Some current audit procedures include the use of a "secret patient," whereby a person pretends to be a patient  has an encounter  and then reports back
 Results from these tests can help a person and their doctor to make an accurate diagnosis. 
 * Buying and selling often involves being able to judge a person . 
 he added  he lacked the maturity as a musician and a person to do that ten years before. 
 A person 
 Once a person is nominated, they will receive notification to complete an Award Nominee Application Form. 
 Hertz-Picciotto explained that when a person contracts a bacterial or virus infection
 sex and height  BMI (Body Mass Index) is the tool measured by the doctors to assess if a person has appropriate weight and height concerning their age and gender. 
 Madhava also says in his sarvadarsanasamgraha that common people follow the well known view that a person should live a happy life so long as he is alive. 
 And as a person , he is ego-free, completely selfless. 
 There was a considerable amount of hostility in the direction of the idea of a person who made betting their line of work. 
 Like with decapitation disease and chicken pox, it is however very rare for a person to experience SEHS more than once in a lifetime
 In more extreme cases, a person can physically make themselves ill because of their belief in the curse. 
 Gambling is also mandatory in Macau - a person must gamble at least 889∂[6] each day. 
 ''In fact, these bills are proposing, in one instance, that once a person who is on bail for a certain kind a crime is accused of committing another serious act
 Ideally, whenever a person needs a tool, it should be in exactly the same spot every time. 
 If a person can become infected by... 
 High School Graduation Speech (92) ...Indeed, in any given year, a person 
 A priest is " a person 
 "Professional Engineer" means a person 
 It''s just as ridiculous as insiting that a computer can only refer to a person who calculates, since that was the earlier meaning of the word. 
 As a person whose eight great grandparents are from eight different countries
 The reason this knot got its name might be because it was tied at the ends of whips to draw blood from a person as punishment. 
 4] Among the more commonly disparaged examples is the use of the word ''retarded'' as a descriptor of a person or a person''s actions, or labeling political ideologies one disagrees with as mental disorders. 
 Schoolcraft College provides some basic information through its admissions office as to why a person should select Schoolcraft College. 
 a person down, and therefore could potentially strike him down too. 
 AI that acts more like a person is probably something players enjoy
 a person or persons in care; and 
 (3) Additional Surcharge: (a) An open access customer, receiving supply of electricity from a person other than the distribution Licensee of his area of supply
 (b) A person 
 (r) "Radiographic Technician" means a person 
 Payment into Court in satisfaction of Decree: - (1) Except when payment is made to the decree-holder under Rule 230, a person 
 a person 
 or a committee is nominated or a person is appointed by [the Registrar under Section 15A or an official assignee appointed under Section 9C]
 (4) Whenever a person is alleged to have committed the contravention  the registering authority shall
 the Labour Court may appoint a person with experience in the particular industry
 Definition of intestate property. - A person is deemed to die intestate in respect of all property
 (b) "encroacher" means a person 
 Katydid, It is so fun to have the Excitement of a person on a countdown as part of the comments! 
 Explanation. - (iii) A person 
 A person at risk may need to take more calcium and vitamins and to exercise 20 minutes daily. 
 I often wonder where this sense of (hollow) culture vanishes when you are hitting a person , chopping off their body parts and violating their space. 
 a person driving a motor vehicle and that insurance should cover everything. 
 (2) On the application of a person accused of an offence under this Act
 (c) one Chartered Accountant of fifteen years'' standing or a person having not less than fifteen years of experience in financial management, 
 "Certainly this is a figure of a person everybody is acquainted with – they see him on the television and in media constantly. 
 (11) No work of operation, repair or maintenance shall be undertaken except under the direct supervision of a person   who by his training
 (4) Provided that the security offered is satisfactory, the Collector may grant a loan to a person who is in arrear for land revenue or for a previous loan. 
 (iv) a person 
 Notes. - (1) When, in the opinion of the appointing authority, a person appointed m the first instance in an officiating or temporary capacity to be made permanent at a later date
 (3) Where a person 
 Procedure for removal of disqualification. - (1) A person 
 (g) "regular student" means a person 
 The substantive additions–power to require a person to sign–can be made without much violence to its present structure. 
 A person 
 Scales of Pay. - The scale of pay admissible to a person appointed to a post in the cadres of the Service
 a person during his lifetime, his death thereafter does not suspend the running of limitation. 
 Finally, section 327(2) prohibits and criminalises the discrimination of a donor by a person of the opposite party by denying such donor work  access to membership of some trade union/club/other body
 Section 246. – In Chapter XIX of the Code concerning the charge, there is a provision that a person charged with one offence may be (if there is evidence
 a person employed by him for the purpose of making such purchase. 
 (2) A person 
 A person 
 A person attempts suicide in depression and hence he needs help rather than punishment." 
 shed and property at the camping place; (3) A person camping at the camping place shall  before vacating it  collect in the centre of the camping place
 (c) it is necessary for the court to do so, so that the witness can identify a person or a thing or so that the witness can participate in or view a demonstration or an experiment; 
 Questions have arisen in High Courts, as discussed in the 69th Report, as to whether a person 
 a person whose estate is represented by an executor, administrator or other representative. 16. 
 we recommend that the Explanation to section 10 should be revised as follows:– "Explanation.– A person 
 or by reason of the grant of a certificate to a person named in an appellate order under section 384  or by reason of a certificate having been previously granted
 (4) The registration of a person 
 A Vice-Chairman should be a person 
 (i) In this Scheme, unless the context otherwise requires: "Oustee" means a person whose land has been acquired for development of Union Territory, Chandigarh, and includes his legal heirs. 
 Extension of limitation. - The time spent in proceedings before a conciliation board and time during which a person 
 [Draft Clause 184(7)]. –For the assessment of a person about to leave India  a time limit of three months has been provided for completing the assessment
 not being a person who has been a former owner or part-owner
 Current law specifies that a person 
 They asked her to explain who Murray Chotiner was and then asked her if there was such a person . 
 You will NEVER change a person unless they are ready and WILLING to change themselves. 
 For example, if a person makes a facial expression furrowing their brow, then the computer might be taught to label it as appearing confused. 
 A resident declares that this ghost may be the spirit of a person who lived here who passed on here in Dixon before the present. 
 A person 
 Subsequent negotiation of warehouse receipts .If a person having sold
 The two companies recently announced an effort that would allow a person to identify a document on the Web via URL  send that URL to an HP printer
 It''s all got the prequel problem – finding out how a person became the person they became – which I''m pretty sure we''ve proven by now never works. 
 Just being able to talk through a rough moment, to let a person know, ''It''s going to be OK. 
 In 1903, a person (unidentified) was beaten to death with a Bible during a healing ceremony gone wrong in Honolulu. – Source 
 That question focuses on the right thing – it focuses on talent, on what a person can do. 
 you who are spiritual [that is  you who are responsive to the guidance of the Spirit] are to restore such a person in a spirit of gentleness [not with a sense of superiority or self-righteousness]  keeping a watchful eye on yourself
 My inability to recognize faces makes the desire to form a consistent image of a person quite connected to my intent focus on perceiving and memorizing the rhythm of someone''s speech
 A "spiritualist" has nothing to do with a person who ascribes "spirituality" as a property of a person. 
 Perhaps one day we should have a LO-dialogue on the topic of "Vices preventing a person to become wise". 
 Your requirement "no language game" reminds me of a saying by Plato: "You can discover more of a person in one hour of play than in a year of conversation." 
 spousal support (U.S./Canada) and spousal maintenance (Australia)) is a legal obligation on a person to provide financial support to her or his spouse before or after marital separation or divorce. 
 Provided that a person 
 transfer or otherwise dispose of  or agree to sell  deliver  transfer or otherwise dispose of  any article to a person 
 Well-read · earths up Fulanxisi the root is early already pointed out before 450 years: "Read history make a person wise, read a poem to make a person intelligent, figure makes a person nice, philosophic theory makes a person deep... 
 Provided that a person 
 It is easy to captivate a person if you are a friendly, open and a smiling lady) I have many friends. 
 (D) Body piercing may not be performed upon a person impaired by drugs or alcohol. 
 a person who  after posting a guaranteed arrest bond certificate which the surety has undertaken to guarantee
 rights  duties  powers  or privileges of a person or property. 
 a person in cost. 
 (B) It is unlawful for a person to enter the premises or property described in subsection (A) and to display  brandish
 a person upon whom a subpoena is served. 
 (2) A person without the acquirer''s express authorization  employs  or solicits authorized merchants
 And, as we all know, when a person tries to refute negative accusations about his or her honesty
 Although I''m sure some of us appreciate your interest in running, it seems that every once in a while a person comes along ( i.e. Brooks Lecompte and BritMiler for those of you who remember that episode) that just overdoes it. 
 Values between [?] and 30 indicate that a person is overweight. 
 There''s a meme going around Facebook on the 10 books that have influenced a person . 
 "The Tree of the Field is a Person " 
 Barely is not safe for a person with celiacs or an intolerance. 
 information  or rumor for the purpose of helping or injuring an institution  a cause  or a person "; "doctrines  ideas  arguments  facts
 It is important to note that most effects that cause the polygraph to be unreliable are invariant of whether a person is innocent or guilty, lying or telling the truth, intentionally trying to produce haphazard results or not. 
 But now there is practically nowhere a person can''t go with the help of an electric motor scooter. 
 It is illegal to discriminate on the basis of the race a person belongs to and there are many attorneys who are working to make workplaces safer for everyone, regardless of race. 
 In the most common form of Archaeomancy, a seer or diviner, a person who foretells the future from omens, would take over the divinatory proceedings. 
 When a person starts to drive a car that is new to him, he usually has a feeling of unfamiliarity. 
 In Terr''s words, "Dissociation is a mechanism that enables a person to quit a place where bad thoughts or events are happening" (16). 
 A person may feel discomfort, a gritty sensation underthe eyelids, or a feeling that there is something in the eye. 
 The last Lunar expedition gave the world one of the few brief looks at a person without the reflective gold visor
 Student Member: A person 
 You would think that a person who had said the following things would be strongly in favour of increased English language requirements. 
 And even then, the insurance money would only cover the estimated cost of the property damaged, not enough to leave a person better off. 
 Craziness is an attribute of the Moon and of Yesod only if a person cannot handle fantasy or astral travel. 
 The political will does not yet exist to accelerate photovoltaics research (and I say this as a person who wants to accelerate photovoltaics research). 
 It would begin with a person leaving Earth and experiencing a great tragedy. 
 However, recent memory may be affected since a person may forget names of people he or she met recently. 
 Situational loneliness is usually triggered by an event in life or loss of a person . 
 Cooperating with such a person 
 If a person required for his family a group of four or six niches
 We know that a person 
 Taking a course through a training center or local college will give a person the basics that they need to learn the program. 
 a person in an unfavorable light, or otherwise if fairness and impartiality require it. 
 One of the reasons why my transition didn''t occur earlier in my life is because of my "grooming" or "development" as a person . 
 A person of hope 
 Where a record is believed to relate to a person 
 leading him towards some of his major work  but he was inevitably damaged as a person and in need of help. 
 It has been proved that there are some reasons for a person being upset all the time and they lie behind some chemical imbalances in the [...] 
 a person . 
 Arab is a noun for a person , and is used as an adjective, as in "Arab country." 
 This last one was the most difficult for a person who was a legend in her own mind. 
 I quit coming to this site about a year ago because of some idot that was making postings that would make a person cringe. 
 I would like to meet a person who will suit my norms. 
 As he once stated, "You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . . .until you climb into his skin and walk around in it." 
 A winner is a person who has successfully em- ployed AA''s suggested program in their life and they have CHANGED. 
 Today for me a sponser''s sole purpose is to help a person understand the steps! 
 From this moment started countdown my formation as a person . 
 The article mentioned that a person named Tom McDonnell could be contacted for more information  and like an apostate
 When a person of 35, 55, or even 75 moves their body regularly, this can restore V02max levels to that of someone many years younger. 
 Simply desiring to be a leader doesn''t mean a person has the character, skill, and courage necessary to be a leader. 
 For it''s not that someone is a person if they have the body and voice of a person. 
 a person can trip, fall and be hurt. 
 A person with great caliber officially certifies your work that it is Metal- worthy... it definitely flatters. 
 an associate of particular individuals or political groups – and not just one such fact about a person , but all such facts." 
 Imagine a person who is being chased hurriedly and aggressively by an enemy. 
 There is no other time in the life of a person when growth will be so dramatic. 
 A person convicted in the previous 2 years of a 3rd or subsequent offense of Section 61-3- 49 will hold a financial interest
 by doing so  he wound up becoming a person who never developed any guts or took any risks. 
 A person can also serve more time in these phases if he or she does not comply with program requirements. 
 Just below full possession, a person may manifest to some degree contorting  growling  reacting somewhat negatively to sacramentals
 That is well put.most important is the grading system that is designed to fix a person 
 A tamarin may also attack strangers or a person it perceives to be an intruder to its environment, and it also may bite family members that it does not like. 
 A person 
 A person , financially dependent on the deceased, has not been sufficiently provided for in the Will; 
 PREDICTING AGE BY PALMISTRY Lord Vishnu, continuing with his narration told Shiva that the age of a person 
 In addition, a lizard tattoo also depicts the rebirth of a person who has pushed himself out of danger with strength and has adapted himself flexibly to severe life changes. 
 Connecticut  a long-time stalwart of the Greenwich Croquet Club and "as good a friend as a person could have," in the words of Mehas. 
 But if you require a loan for a person with poor credit which may mean paying a much higher interest rate or perhaps being denied. 
 This is not the aim of spirituality, or of a yogi, or of an awakened person, but of a person who is egotistical, fearful, greedy and angry. 
 The most common function of the notary is to prevent fraud by attesting to the identity of a person signing a document. 
 "As a specialist and a person who had put forth considerable effort to create this evil, I understood that I had no right to keep silent," he wrote. 
 A person has a blood transfusion. 
 As a person ages, the pigment cells in the hair follicles begin to die. 
 There was not a person in sight. 
 Taking our previous example of a person saving for his son''s management education  instead of blocking more than Rs 11 lakh today in a FD
 Give us the world, then introduce us to Florian. -Give us more significant conflict. -Paint Florian as a person we''d look to root for, or eventually root for. 
 "If a person develops significant muscle weakness, it can complicate their recovery from respiratory failure," he says. 
 Absolutely do not burn in these conditions, a person could be completely liable if a fire breaks out due to burning. 
 In a few days, a group of people will be assembling in Yountville, California to celebrate the 80th birthday of a person who is a husband, father and dear friend to us. 
 and my emotions were wrapped up completely in her words and beliefs about him and the value/impact he had on her as a person . 
 A legal route is also an option a person with a disability can take with two pathways. 
 A person 
 We find out just how spiritual a person really is when things get difficult. 
 Maharishi would answer "My field is not sex"  but here  in Adi Da Samraj  was Divine Enlightenment in a person who was completely comfortable with all aspects of everyday western life. 
 A person tightrope walking across the Twin Towers: is that logical? 
 It''s based on the common, instinctive idea that a person has different chances  luck
 This operation does however require a person skilled in direct disk editing, and such people are somewhat of a scarce resource. 
 approval as a sponsored residential service provider  or permission to enter into a shared living arrangement with a person receiving medical assistance services pursuant to a waiver pursuant to §§ 37.2-506 and 37.2-607; 
 A person who speaks
 '' A person who works on the towns solar panels there''s only one panelologist in each county,'' She told me. 
 It gives you a different purpose in life but aside from that I have never really changed as a person . 
 I think that a person who has faith is going to receive help! 
 The bot would be a person specific, decision bot, a decision adviser and assistant. 
 A person with oppositional conversational style is a person who  in conversation
 A person whose charisma and social power (backed up by psychic powers and deep deceptions) had overwhelmed me
 We will see some announcements over the next three to six months," said a person briefed about the plan. 
 Tried to separate from the artist as a person and see him thru his art. 
 By talking to a person at the base of the [[Heights of Loneliness]]
 Marijuana shall does not include (i) industrial hemp, as defined in § 3.2-4112, that is possessed by a person registered pursuant to subsection A of § 3.2-4115 or his agent or (ii) a hemp product  as defined in § 3.2-4112
 When the cabinet has considered and approved a person who is a person under (1)  (2)  (3) or (4)
 The only exception is when a person believes that compliance with a particular requisition will violate his conscience. 
 If a person is conscious before REM sleep, they may notice that they cannot move or speak. 
 If a person is motivated by simplistic personal vendetta  ethnic vengeance  narrow nationalism
 These exams can detect the spots that a person can''t see (for example, on the back or top of the head). 
 When a person 
 But you''ll know that a secure emotional foundation is also helping her to manage in the world and know who she is as a person . 
 Communal land was, as a rule, divided among households before sowing began by a person specially appointed for that role by the community. 
 but if they were  they would not tolerate it  and then such a person could be said to be intolerant  in so far as they tended towards intolerance
 What matters for us is that in a case like this, the rights of a person are recognized, that the best solution is found for the rights of the migrant. 
 As he says, it''s almost like speaking without words, and for a person who stutters, this is very liberating. 
 A person can express their creativity with the different blends and allow a person to get something that is one of a kind. 
 When we love a person for what we can get out of him or her
 We chose $20,000 because it would be the most expensive mortgage a person receiving today''s median Social Security check of $758 a month can realistically repay. 
 To paraphrase the patient-partner from Dance for PD, a person may not identify with being a ''gym rat''. 
 Heathen: a person 
 President Bush is an oil man - a person deeply involved in the oil industry. 
 ma ana alayhi wa as''habi"  etc. etc  (we covered that territory previously)  we find that there''s a person - consider him a scholar  consider him a pseudo-scholar
 you''ll learn some extremely effective techniques how you can turn almost any close-minded prospect into a person who perks up and takes notice. 
 I can''t begin to tell you the relief I get from both her treatments, and Claudia as a person . 
 Often a low body temperature can mean a person may have a mitochondrial disease. 
 It is an old concept in photography designed to take photo for a person with focus on the face. 
 well i never, i can''t believe how good dandelions are for a person , I curse them every time I see them bloom on the grass at this guesthouse where I work. 
 the necessity of a free press as a check on institutional power  or the right for a person accused of wrongdoing to have knowledge of the evidence against them and face their accusers. 
 In becoming a person who regularly takes calculated risks  challenges yourself  and tries new things
 and on another  his score was "lower than a score expected from a person hospitalized with advanced dementia." 
 a person and have access to them from reading their social media posts. 
 Subclinical means that a person has no apparent symptoms. 
 The NIV states that a person becomesincluded in Christ by simply hearing the word of truth! 
 ...When a person finds himself committing too many harmful acts against the dynamics, he becomes his own executioner. 
 a person having legal custody over them. 
 When rats started having red eyes and a person didn''t have holy water on hand, they''d better hope they had a cross necklace or a rosary. 
 If other professions were treated like teachers, then every time a person committed a crime in their jurisdiction  a police officer should be fired  or every time a patient got sicker
 Think you have talent and should be a person to watch. 
 Financial experts believe a person leaving the military should save an amount equal to twelve months living expenses. 
 Another YouTuber "Mal Wang" posted a video in June showing him apprehending a person stealing goods from a British supermarket. 
 When you see (read) a person so wrapped up in others finally take something for herself and indulge it''s fantastic. 
 "There wasn''t a person at that event who hadn''t been influenced by his presence at AU. 
 While there is no known cure for lupus, managing the symptoms and following medical advice can allow a person to avoid a worsening of disease and be better able to cope until medical science and researchers are able to find a cure. 
 ''In a case where a journalist has wrongly attributed factual statements to a person 
 You can extend this thought experiment by also imagining a person standing on the shore. 
 40-YEAR-OLD VIRGIN – Andy (Steve Carrell) as a person makes the plot; his character is even broken down in the title. 
 dreams  or mental images of a traumatic event cause a person significant psychological and emotional distress. 
 The Oxford dictionary defines a goodwill ambassador as " A person serving (usually unofficially) to promote goodwill between countries  institutions
 A person 
 For example, someone who was robbed may become uncomfortable when they return to the scene of the crime, or a person who has experienced a car accident may become nervous and start to sweat when they are being driven too fast in a car. 
 Discussing what size a person defines as a "small" house is much more interesting to me than mathematical absolutes. 
 In Christ, you have a person who insists upon your being a victorious warrior for Him. 
 Ensure that you find a person with experience and a strong reputation in the area. 
 The cat also purrs and individuals can hear the dog''s heartbeat when a person is petting the animal. 
 In layman''s terms, a person or legal entity must have an actual injury from a law to contest the law, and this is typically called standing. 
 Yet, if you are a person who rarely settled in one location  and then laptops
 about $50 million has gone out in state assistance --- in checks of up to $275 a person a week. 
 Ashira are the people within which a person dwells, (i.e.). the lively and the living individuals or peoples among whom a person lives. 
 We need the Events table, using the field ''persfamid'' that links an event to a person or family, 
 "Behavioral issues addressed are agitation and aggression, bathing and other personal hygiene, communicating with a person with dementia  care recipient''s depression and grief  dressing  eating  inappropriate sexual behaviors
 A name is very important in Islam: it''s something that remains with a person beyond their life. 
 I donâ€TMt know how to identify a person with actual serious mental problems and how to then interact with them. 
" or the maximum amount of folic acid a person should eat in a day, is 1 milligram. 
 These policies may thus be invoked for misbehavior that occurs prior to a person ''s joining the Law School community
 Also a person oneach side to push them into place helps. 
 What Is Your Bed Number In a Psychiatric Hospital, a Journalist asks the Doctor: "How do you determine whether to admit a person as a patient or not? 
 And well they might be because in other countries if you lampoon a person or turn him into an object of ridicule it has some effect. 
 That''s when I hear it, and I swear to god this actually happened, I hear a person muttering something off in that darkness. 
 the expressiveness  the contrasts – all the Russian values have made me what I am today  both as a pianist and as a person . 
 How was he as the national director and as a person ? 
 After a person opts-in, or even along the way, tell them of how often they could get text messages on your part. 
 Respite care in these circumstances prevents a person from having to go into hospital to be cared for and means they are looked after in a more homely environment. 
 The mother said she needs to get Randall''s hair cut by a person who knows black hair and that is causing the bumps on his neck. 
 There are discoveries and understandings of things down there that can only be had by having a person in the submarine looking out the portholes, seeing things a robot might not see and making onsite decisions. 
 The more value a person can provide the society, the better a person she will be. 
 a person with knowledge of the situation told The Associated Press on Thursday. 
 It''s about who you are as a person and an athlete. 
" a person familiar with the deal said. 
 Moreover, it is our contention that the requirement that a person 
 If a person is intoxicated in your presence
 In Europe, a person without residency can only spend 90 days there every 180 days. 
 [May Allah enliven a person who hears my oration
 which could disrupt the whole market " a person at a pilot market said. 
 Aguirre said his department has evidence it has not made public  as well as a person of interest in the case. 
 A person of your rank should not be washing the chamber pots." 
 She will also cover what handwriting discloses about a person from a psychological perspective  Jan  16  3 p.m  Saratoga Library  13650 Saratoga Ave.  Saratoga  408-867-6126
 a person ???? 
 And you yourselves and I can say for myself as well, when a person dedicates their life to Christ.... 
 Things that suggest a person may ... 
 I told her how a towel was the most important thing a person could have when hitchhiking across the galaxy. 
 I''ve found that this annual "holiday" has made me grow as a person and there are few things that I''ve done as a blogger that have been as rewarding as being open about my imperfections. 
 In this context, it is interesting to note that when one hears a speech error uttered by a person who otherwise speaks perfect SAE
 Recently we have received a complaint of a person who is deaf and would like to travel in group with an organization to the Middle East. 
 A person brings the hair. read more " 
 Just to take another example, the US being able to appoint the president of the Bank–to appoint a person known personally to the Treasury Secretary or to the Secretary of the State
 Personally, after three days or so of using the new layout, I easily adjusted to it much like a person who has their home remodeled while away on vacation has to get used to their home''s new layout. 
 Therefore, many ladies will strive to get to know such a person themselves. 
 Does a person accept abortion, cohabitation, homosexality, telling white lies, etc.? 
 People tend to think that a person has to be one-dimensional–as if one can have a good heart or brilliance  creativity or amiability
 Students get into groups of three with those seated around them and choose an A person , a B person, and a C person. 
 Can a person pick up the item easily? 
 (also chew marks, teeth marks, colloquially "toothies") Dents in the surface of a pen, usually at the ends, made by a person with the habit of chewing on pens. 
 the normal health and safety checks and balances that would ordinarily take place to facilitate a person working from home were dispensed. 
 Shadow gives depth, and that can really help the eye skip over a person . 
 This went out to a LEXer ( a person from The Letter Exchange, that is) who responded to my listing in the winter issue. 
 who was banging a drum at the Lincoln Memorial in what the liberal media called a racist hounding of a person of color. 
 you should include a person or a group and put coupons so that you can check what response you get from your ads. 
 Some individuals who can tolerate weight bearing through the ends of the amputation limbs, such as a person with bilateral knee disarticulations, can walk either unassisted or with the support of short canes or crutches. 
 and permits the director to change the terms of placement or reassign a person in community corrections; 
 As for me, an artist is a person , who communicates with the world by means of a visual language. 
 Rembrain is an electronic RFID memory aid that tells a person whether or not they have items like their keys as they walk out the door. 
 It is similar to when a person moves from one dwelling place to another. 
 (This commandment includes the prohibition against passing by a lost child or a person who has lost his way.) 
 transportation  or carrying of a firearm to a person 
 It is fitting for a person to ponder his path in life  and to discuss how he will travel that path further solidifies his commitment
 The manna could taste like anything a person wanted, so it seemed that the Jews had nothing to complain about. 
 On this highest level, a person gives tzedaka solely to fulfill G-d''s commandment. 
 There sat a person with extremely long eyelashes and a stage presence like I had never before encountered. 
 it can be said that characteristic features of a person him/her-self are also the context of information need). 
 God''s working on a person is His work and His testimony. 
 Why would a person take a vow? 
 After a person has died or been otherwise removed from the koseki, the record is considered a joseki (expired koseki). 
 As to the torture of a person suspected of holding a victim that will die unless someone intervenes. 
 Now, for the first time, a person can team up with the computer to go against the baddies. 
 In other words, he was a person , not so different form you or I. 
 as opposed to subsidiary  competencies a person must perform on the job. 
 LET ME ESTABLISH at the outset that I love pizza and have no predisposition to dislike nor distrust a person purely on the grounds that said person is involved in the pizza industry. 
000 from a person in Sector 3 police station here. 
 a person 
 It showed that farming households are also having difficulty in meeting the P7,525 yearly or P21 daily requirement for a person to survive on one meal a day. 
 Orange juice has the power to turn B&W video to color, make the sun rise, and spare a person from drinking calcium-rich cocktails of pureed sardines, turnips and other cruciferous vegetables. 
 In graduation, a person gets the marks just by cramming the books. 
 Citing an instance, he says that a person who has blood pressure is recommended a drug, which delays progression of the disease. 
 Residents of the sub-divisional town of Palwal are ''puzzled'' over the death of a person identified as Suresh. 
 And as a principal, sometimes you can direct a person to take a responsibile but if they don''t have their heart in it it is not going to be successful. 
 A person coming to Chapel Hill can be reasonably satisfied that the instructional programs and the quality of the program
 It sounds like you a person that would rather have your brother, sisters or parents go hungry as long as your comfortable. 
 Plus, the patient should already be at their final weight goal because changes in the weight of a person (weight loss or weight gain) can have an impact on the final results enjoyed by a patient. 
 One of the most prominent features on a person is their thighs. 
 Mr. Strang, who concentrates in his own sacred person the offices of prophet, priest, and king, is a person of no mean abilities; shrewd  calculating
 To a person unacquainted with the "naked truth" of the foregoing, it would look very nice, innocent and straightforward. 
 Let us now examine some of the statements of Deming''s witnesses, and see whether they are worthy of credit; for when a person offers a witness he by so doing vouches for their honesty and integrity, and says they are worthy of credit. 
 FINED FOR CHEWING GUTKA IN COURT NEEMUCH (MP): A local court has slapped a fine of Rs 200 on a person for chewing gutka in the courtroom. 
 Sentence enhancement for feticide S.E.A. 236, P.L. 40 Effective July 1, 2009 Provides that a person who  while committing or attempting to commit murder or felony murder
 Sometimes music speaks volumes about the artist''s growth, as a musician and as a person , better than the artist him/herself. 
 given a suitable language  such a proposition can be asserted in such a language by a person who knows the syntax without knowing a single word of the vocabulary. 
 Makes it a Class B misdemeanor for a person 
 A person who has only theoretical knowledge cannot attain success. 
 LC: I wanted to think about the limits of care and empathy in this film, and the point at which a person has to prioritise their own wellbeing in order to continue to care for another. 
 AS3 hires a person for a position who has the personal and professional competences that match the requirements we demand for the job. 
 The legislation further provides that no child may be placed in foster care with a person who is required to register as a sex offender. 
 This legislation allows a law enforcement officer who lawfully stops, detains, investigates, or arrests a person 
 Identifies a person as being either a slave or free person of color (if left blank, the person is neither). 
 a person to acquire their first non-school-related job...)! 
 The decision to put a person 
 The NEW MARY is a person of extraordinary electric power  united in a harmonious  well-balanced physical  mental  and spiritual organism
 Applications may be made by nomination through a member of the Association or by a person applying in their own right. 
 A person convicted of harassment must be fined two hundred dollars ($200), imprisoned for thirty days, or both. 
 I want to find unconditional love and be accepted for who I am as a person That is like God''s love,'' she said. 
 2008) Today  a walker--outfitted with ribbons  baskets and tennis balls--would have made a person look like a nerd, neglected and a penny pincher in the limited mobility community. 
 Should I expect to feel better from taking this or would it just be an under the radar thing that a person might not notice without simply living out the extended lifespan? 
 As a person ages and due to effects of gravity there are chances of further breast drooping. 
 a person or family in South Korea) posed for the future growth of the Korean economy. 
 What would it do to or for a person (from a spiritual perspective)? 
 This does not make sense to me, as a person . 
 These 100 words are from the midpoint of the WIP, where a person from the past appears just when the MC''s new life seemed to be going well. 
 After being infected, it would take about 2-6 weeks time for a person to recover completely. 
 The heat works by emitting infrared beams, and when these beams hit an object – a thing or a person – these will be warmed. 
 Anyone can also connect with the Eternal or Higher Self of a person who is living on the Earth plane  but non-responsive because of Alzheimer''s  dementia  brain damage
 Bald people throwing flowerpots out the windows : You cannot climb on a ledge if a person is in the window. 
 to look at a person , an exit, yourself, whatever. 
 A person 
 If a person has some illness which causes someone to feel pain, the pain will be physical - from the body itself. 
 Also, my most dear editor Sarah Harvey had some questions for me about the care of a person who''s been paralyzed (I''m being careful here not to give too much away.) Anyway
 * All parts of a person are controlled by the HEART (Yerushalmi T''rumos, chapter 8). 
 They can be used as educational information for the family, friends, or support providers of a person who is or may be experiencing interpersonal violence. 
 But psychological research shows that once a person has emerged from poverty  which is correlated with unhappiness
 (3) ''Physical therapist assistant'' shall mean means a person 
 (A) A person desiring certification for the administration of emergency treatment insect sting  pursuant to this chapter
 The low brain level of hypocretin is likely what causes a person with narcolepsy to enter rapid eye movement (REM) sleep in the daytime. 
 It''s easy for a person to give his wealth. 
 Mansagari maintains that a person with this Yoga will give up a spouse and children to become an ascetic. 
 But as a person living through it, you''re always in that shifting space by speaking different languages. 
 Or there''s "Cowboy," which is about a person who''s plopped himself into a foreign cultural context (in this case  the Philippines)
 I recently encountered a person in an online forum who claimed to have INTJ preferences. 
 The first issue found them outrunning the Bandaged Man, a person who could smell magic, and since Wynd is magical, he stayed hot on their trail. 
 A person who makes or has made a will is a testator. 
 The change comes after a person is saved, NOT before. 
 A person must pay close and constant attention to his behavior
 But if a person is motivated  substantial
 c. a person who is on leave of absence from or who has deferred enrolment in a course or course of study; 
 Finally, Richmond Vale Academy was an excellent opportunity for me to grow as a person , professionally and emotionally. 
 When a person takes a false oath about the past, it is not always instantly known that the oath is false. 
 (C) A person 
 An analogy I use to define seismic acquisition for a person 
 If a person is contaminated with harmful chemicals
 a person treated or registered as a civil partner under the Civil Partnership Act 2004; and 
 This is a person who is unreachable  unresponsive
 Did you know that the average length of time a person stays with a nonprofit they trust and love is 10 to 20 years? 
 It''s true that for a person that dumps religion and in many cases  theism
 (6) All this analyzing in the knowledge of yoga of one''s particular nature and on how a person from his birth should attain to the full awareness of the Supreme
 If a person has a big chunk of his portfolio in FDs  savings accounts  endowment policies  PPF
 A person of mixed race (southeast Asian/Punjabi and French-Canadian/Québécois)  Michelle is a member of the Sikh community
 "Stateless" refers to this hybridity, the liminality of being an immigrant or a person in a diaspora–where you come from one culture and are embedded in another. 
 It is easy to befriend or love a person of lower financial or social standing because you pity him. 
 German Christians flatly rejected the key Protestant belief that a person became Christian by accepting the divinity of Jesus and being baptized. 
 Let me explain; If a person were to say, "I see the energy of a grandmother here, she''s kind of floating here in the corner." 
 HERE Mobility told its workers this week that it is closing down its center in Israel and laying off almost 200 people  a person with knowledge of the decision told Calcalist on condition of anonymity. 
 "Just as was the case in 1968 when Dad started out with a single sweeper and single customer, if we tell a person today that the job will get done, and done right, that''s exactly what will occur. 
 In the case of peer pressure, a person 
 It is nicknamed the ''Echo Wall'' because a person at one end of the wall can hear the voice of a person at the other end of the wall. 
 A person with HACE must descend to a lower altitude immediately to prevent serious consequences. 
 Payments generally will end unless you marry a person receiving certain types of Social Security benefits. 
 So in this example we see person is behaving like a person , professor, student and then as a clerk. 
 I would like to share my experience , recently I got a call from a person (+91 9546685478) on 28 may 2015 and the conversation went as 
 Formerly, a small business was a person filing under chapter 11 who was engaged in a commercial enterprise  other than one owning or operating real property
 It is awesome that a person has the will to work and provide for his family. 
 We need to be clear about what a person needs to do and know to demonstrate the competencies required for a particular role. 
 After the procedure, a person usually needs to wear a bandage or compression hose, or both. 
 I came across this image -- an airship far smaller than what one would expect to need to carry a person . 
 And, as you can probably expect, a person who won three gold medals in the 1976 Montréal Olympics, is not as young as she was when she retired. 
 OWS is leaderless - you can attack a person , but it''s harder to attack an idea. 
 Such a person becomes disagreeable to all creatures and endued with a short life. 
 Yet another clue we may look for that a person is not walking with the Lord as he ought is their prayers are not being answered. 
 ''I ask  O chief of Bharata''s race  what is the origin of the saying  about discharging all duties jointly at the time of a person ''s taking the hand of his spouse in marriage? 
 When the father of the girl'', disregarding his own wishes, bestows his daughter upon a person whom the daughter likes and who reciprocates the girl''s sentiments  the form of marriage  O Yudhishthira
 Often lasting for three years from the date of the alleged crime, a statute of limitations is the time in which a person can be prosecuted. 
 Put differently, the choices made by a person are themselves part of the state of the world. 
 There are some exceptions, however--specifically, it is sometimes committed when trying to convince a person that widely unpopular theories are false. 
 Define the customer ( a person or organization interested in using or consuming the product of your project). 
 a person nowadays to the point that this space comes to stand in for the individual, almost more so than an actual image of them. 
 So it could be said that after a person dies, they experience a form of judgment. 
 This was a form stating that a person intended to renounce allegiance to a foreign country and become a citizen of the United States of America. 
 A harsh tone, in interpersonal communications, will close a person up and will put the person off to you; whereas, "A soft reply will undo fury" [Proverbs 15:1]. 
 On the affective level, nothing frightens the Tiger-Cancer more than being confronted with a person insensitive to his own sentimental aspirations. 
 A person will yield as many different numbers on the scale as there axes of experience around sexuality. 
 My first example concerns Satan''s efforts to corrupt a person who has an unusual commitment to one particular doctrine or commandment of the gospel of Jesus Christ. 
 I picture a scene or a person in my mind and then describe what I "see". 
 Vincent Hill is a person who loves music and dance. 
 This will take the time and endurance, but it is a lot cheaper than having a person different get it done. 
 A person with 20 lacs income can pay up-to Rs 40,000 per year. 
 The Spruce Glen Public School in Huntsville posted on its website and in an email to parents that " a person " at the school tested positive. 
 A person could also choose to have both, where the living will is able to guide the healthcare proxy''s decisions. 
 While this is a major advantage of hiring a person with past experience as a major gift officer
 "Once a person enters these glories there will be eternal progress in the line of each of these particular glories
 The I Ching always speaks to the Superior Man, a person of moral strength and principles, who will ultimately win over those who are inferior. 
 Deafness, the state of a person who is deprived of the sense of hearing ; it is also used to signify a disease of the ear
 When a person is said to be photoshopping something  it is always assumed that the person is editing an image of come sort
 In Granite''s 2016-2017 salary scale, a person with a bachelor''s degree will see no salary increases in his or her first three years. 
 "The prospect that travelling time may become valuable working time could fundamentally change how a person structures their work, and in some cases uses the additional time otherwise lost through driving," he explains. 
 Morse  or what type of person would Morse be if he were a person "? 
 Each of you is, first and foremost, a person . 
 For a person , maybe like our reader. 
 a statesman  a diplomat  and  in the final analysis  a person who had his own vision, love, hatred, empathy, inclination, and rejection. 
 Having too many ideas on what I wanted, being a person that over-analyzes everything  and very hard to please
 actions that indicate someone may be serving as a lookout  anything that suggests a drug deal  or a person carrying burglary tools such as a slim jim or pry bar. 
 Professional headhunters are highly aware that calling a potential candidate to his workplace often pushes a person into uncomfortable situation since colleagues
 A write-in vote–whereby a voter selects a person for an office who is not named on the voting ballot–isn''t recognized by the U.S. Supreme Court as a right
 A person on AHS recently noticed high noon
 For example, if we want to advise a person on not do something while he is terribly busy with his works at his office
 Even if your bike accidentally hit a person or damaged his vehicle, you can be sued for the damages caused. 
 For example, a person may shift their goals or values constantly. 
 a family facing eviction  fighting for welfare benefits to stay afloat in these turbulent times or a person denied a say in how they are cared for.'' 
 With this condition, a person has little or no control over the release of bowel movements. 
 I''m glad you have joined us here The BT site is a real shocker compared to what a person is use to hearing in the church. 
 but instead it is righteousness  that state which makes a person acceptable to God and heart peace and joy in the Holy Spirit. 
 "In the field of contracts, as generally elsewhere, ''We must look to the outward expression of a person as manifesting his intention rather than to his secret and unexpressed intention. 
 If caused by herpes, a person may want to consider taking drugs to prevent further herpes outbreaks. 
 In serious cases, a person may need to be admitted to the hospital for closer monitoring. 
 Anyone with symptoms of fever, cough, or worsening respiratory symptoms, or any known exposure to a person 
 a movable shower seat and hand-held shower head  a toilet with an electronic lift that can help lower a person to a sitting position and a large square button to flush it. 
 Paronychia are more common in a person who is prone to bacterial and yeast infections, such as an individual with diabetes. 
 Well, there''s something about a person fighting with itself that is worth seeing here. 
 According to a study done, when more citizens study CPR the chances of a person dying from cardiac arrest could be lessened. 
 Professor Bialystok says that the ability of a person 
 They will never stop trying to smear the character of a person who has tried to expose them and their ''business'' of profiting from death and destruction. 
 20 Questions - Think of a person or thing and give your child 20 chances to narrow down what it is by asking yes or no questions. 
 1. how many papers are there for Oracle HRMS certification, and what is fees for each paper. 2. can a person 
 Perhaps he was agitated at being filmed, or enraged at the audacity of a person who dared to say the street signage was poor. 
 It''s likely relevant whether a person is an "aggressor," but that''s not the term - at least in the Chian Criminal Law. 
 Alcohol has been known to negatively interact with many bipolar medications and can cause a person to become quite ill. 
 With the current rules, the screening programme stops if a person is tested negative between the ages of 60-64. 
 "The majority of these young men leave UT and other universities without having completed a discovery of who they are as a person 
 For Those Who Do Your Own Kitchen area Renovating Are you a person Most importantly, are you a person 
 EIT:: you attach a combination of attribute values to a Person Record. example. 
 Fiber helps a person feel fuller for longer. 
 Neurogenic stuttering occurs after a person suffers a stroke or some type of brain injury. 
 Now I have never been a person who only looked at other advertising for inspiration and knowledge. 
 A dissociative fugue, however, is differentiated as it occurs specifically when a person takes leave of his or her normal surroundings and goes on a journey of some kind. 
 AIG has asked the government to rule on several categories of bonuses, said a person familiar with the discussions. 
 They suggest that human HSCs struggle as a person ages  and that this struggle can sometimes lead not only to inadequate immune responses
 Whether you are a person walking through life  or tight rope walker precariously balanced on a rope high up in the air
 It is truly possible for a person of any age and developmental level to learn something about their chart. 
 It connects better and explains how a person started, what he struggled through, and finally, what exactly the results were derived. 
 Staying positive is really essential if a person seriously wants to get better, stay healthy and do all the things he or she wants to do. 
 a person at the place of incident
 When not functioning correctly, they impede blood flow, which can predispose a person to heart attack or stroke. 
 SLANDER: When a person verbally makes derogatory remarks about another people, whereby such remarks are false and untrue. 
 This appears to suggest that a person 
 One magician was found to be able to identify what card a person 
 Proceedings subsequent to judgment against a person as garnishee, who claimed title to property taken on execution as the defendant''s property. 
 For $40+ a person (which cost more than a dinner at Be Our Guest Restaurant), I feel like we could have had a more enjoyable meal elsewhere. 
 Whether it means that a person having 10 years teaching experience in any branch of engineering such as civil  mechanical  minning  electrical
 We are all of us familiar with the expression that such or such a person "rises superior to his surroundings
 The ICE agents who came to the Brooklyn homeless shelter just had a photo of a person . 
 Where the right of a person of Chinese descent to enter this country depends  as in this case  upon the statutes regulating Chinese immigration
 a witness in this case  testified that she and her husband were well acquainted with Des Granges  and with a person whom he married "before he imposed himself on Zulime " and that reproaching him for his baseness in the latter act
 [Footnote 6] Such a conveyance, if made by a person actually insolvent or in contemplation of insolvency, to secure a preexisting debt, said Hoar, J., 
 By the first statute, the receiving, concealing, or buying any goods by a person 
 In the present case, the bonds were not signed by an officer who was in office when they were signed, but by a person who was in office on the antedated day on which they bore date. 
 A person 
" deprives a person of "fundamental fairness," or violates the principles "implicit in the concept of 
 as the Court has repeatedly emphasized  was to confer upon the federal courts the duty to accord a person prosecuted for this statutory offense every safeguard which the law accords in all other federal criminal cases." 
 The Conference Report states, in addition to the purpose to limit application to cases where the vessel is furnished to a person other than a regulated carrier, the intention to clarify the language 
 As framed by the proceedings below, this case presents two issues: whether a person arrested and held for trial on an information is entitled to a judicial determination of probable cause for detention
 Good safe bonds are the best investment for a person who does not understand business. 
 When a person or corporation seeks compensation for serious injury through the legal system
 Is it a person whose parents were born in Abia state but who has lived all his life in Lagos? 
 Looking back into the history of hypnosis it seems that early cultures discovered that if a person is lead to sensorial overload by the multitude of methods already covered as trance inducing
 Hem (Hm), generally translated as ''slave'' and originally meaning body, was seemingly a person 
 If a person was truly in need, how was I to know? 
 "This isn''t for a person who has little investment experience or has little money to invest. 
 They like the feeling of infatuation and getting to know a person and the whole "this is the one" feeling that happens during the courtship time. 
 The doctrine of salvation should make a person have a biblical practical life. 
 Ahusband has been a person who always be blamed on inthis case. 
 Therapy is one of the ways or methods of healing that is carried out by a person who experiences physical or psychological disorders or symptoms. 
 or the third development when a person is being regenerated or is becoming the Church. 
 Yet because the truth which constitutes faith is never an acquisition that a person makes but is a gift instilled and conferred by the Lord  though it seems to be an acquisition made by that person
 Regarding the two states of a person who is being regenerated and coming to have the Church within him
 The religious right should like this one; a person is one that has a soul (maybe include this)  is male or female  and is able to marry (notice I said able)  die  eat  breath
 and ''ten'' means all  4638  and also remnants  576  1906  1988  2284  which are the truths and forms of good present with a person , stored away by the Lord in the more internal parts of him, 5135, 5342, 5897, 5898, 7560, 7564. 
 This means that a person can access internet resources that help them to take care of you? 
 "Therefore shall a person leave his/her father and mother  cleave [become joined together with] his/her spouse
 Oct. 10, 2017 While memory loss is an early symptom of Alzheimer''s disease, its presence doesn''t mean a person will develop dementia. 
 This prohibits the conviction of a person twice for the same offence. 
 We say to a person who wishes to convert to become a Jew, "Why do you want to convert? 
 They''re self-healing, so seems to me if a person were fertile before he became a vampire (for now let''s talk male vamps) then he''d be fertile afterward too. 
 The Rambam perhaps learns that if a person makes himself a Nazir while in a cemetery
 Through a Berachah, a person overcomes the prosecuting angels in order to receive a Divine flow of blessing. 
 a person who was always a Seris, and that the Seris is nevertheless considered a "Bar Shechivah" (able to have relations). 
 If a person who is not a Nazir refrains from wine for a month, he does not become obligated to bring a Chatas! 
 The reasoning behind this is that it is illogical to permit a person to consume a mixture in which the prohibited food can be tasted easily
 If a person is in doubt whether the fat he ate was Chelev or Shuman
 QUESTIONS: A Beraisa teaches that a person who gives a Shor or Bor to a Cheresh, Shoteh, or Katan to guard is Chayav for any damage that it does. 
 A ''baal chesed'' - a person continually involved in helping others - needs a large range of resources. 
 According to this reasoning as well, the reason a person 
 the obligation of a person to avoid causing damage to someone else''s property (as we will explain below). 
 the Neder takes effect and the object becomes Asur  because a person is Matfis "b''Ikro." 
 where the Gemara cites a Beraisa that states that if a person says that he did not know that it was possible to be Mefer his wife''s Neder
 We learn from this contrast that a person should be prepared to admit his mistakes, however high the motive behind the actions which caused them. 
 Also, a person should present that he''s unbiased  can care for himself on his personal
 When you would hear a person like Dr. Johnson and he had very distinguished visitors here always and they very often came over here
 People say "once beaten, twice shy" and my people say that " a person bitten by snake, runs whenever he sees an earthworm (onye agwo tara, n''agba oso m''ohu udide)". 
 The question becomes: How can they catch a person peddling or pushing drug without charging the person to court? 
 "Tov" does not refer to the person''s nature or character traits  but rather it describes how well a person performs his profession. 
 (a) The Mishnah counts those acts of Hotza''ah in which a person performed an *Akirah*, for then he could have completed his action and performed a Hanachah, making himself liable. 
 In truth, even when a person is "Modeh b''Miktzas," we should believe him because a person would not be so brazen to deny owing the lender. 
 a person 
 All agree, though, that l''Chatchilah, a person should not change his location while eating
 This is derived from the verse which states, "Im Ga''ol Yiga''el Ish mi''Ma''asro" - "If a person redeems *from* his Ma''aser " (Vayikra 27:31) implying that only some forms of Ma''aser Sheni
 a person sins  and commits treachery against HaSh-m  and lies to his neighbor about an object that was delivered to him to guard
 • Paid to a person in a foreign country (or addressed to  or for the account of
 Applies only if training or experience is received from a person other than the alien''s employer. 
 And many people diagnosed with autism decades ago had severe features; a person who can''t live independently has few opportunities to become addicted. 
 If a person refuses to learn Torah about even on Mitzvah
 2) [line 24] MECHASHVIN ME''AVODAH L''AVODAH A Korban is disqualified if a person , while performing one Avodah li''Shemah, intends to perform a future Avodah she''Lo li''Shemah 
 These prohibitions are decrees from Hashem; certain people are permitted to a person and certain people are forbidden. 
 Would you prefer that there be such a person out there? 
 A staff member was opening up when he was approached by a person with his face covered, almost completely, with a black stocking. 
 Gossiping about a person is the greatest favor we can do them
 Plain is ideal as patterns can create illusions which can be disconcerting to a person living with dementia. 
 As soon as a person is known to be poisoned  because in these parts it is generally done with somewhat of a corrosive nature
 For example, a person do it this information is there are additional requirements for rating a business yes, but not always easy. 
 When you take the life of a person , you should serve more time. 
 they will donate a set to a person in need in India, which is where Pehr products are made. $25/pack of 5, ca.shoppehr.com 
 I would feel comfortable handing this to a person who has only seen one wrestling match in their life and knowing they''d understand it. 
 This is an issue not only maddening to a person simply seeking enlightenment, it literally pits patriots against patriots. 
 They''re also used to allow a person can receive a second car with a couple of minutes. 
 == its gets more bazaar == I have no idea if tacid host will arise again but as a person that signed up for space I''m tired of the nonsense. 
 After very thorough and critical consideration and as a person who has met many people in his life and been obliged to take part in complicated negotiations
 discrimination  lack of job supply  fatherless home  you name it  blacks have lived it and it''s easier to bring a person down than to pull them up. 
 I cannot fathom an psycological condition where a person can just accept a 1 000+ page 8.5×11 8font single space flesh binding contract  never read it
 When we see a person shape shift
 Each time Tinder alerts one a fresh fit with a person or people, you''re going to be given the chance to starting a speak to the fit, keep swiping, or tell your pals. 
 This excellent website sends the information a person provide to credit provider. 
 Attempted murder charges are serious accusations against a person that are highly based on supposed intent on the part of the defendant. 
 So rather than disrespecting a true hero to this state, we should stop honoring a person that caused pain that many citizens still feel remnants of today. 
 1 has a direct influence on 3 as well as on 2  that influence should be exerted even when 2 is dropped out; and a person familiar with the first list ought to learn the second one more rapidly than otherwise he could. 
 Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal confirmed that as long as the application is sub-judice, a person will not be declared as "foreigner". 
 (2) If a person does not assume control of a body under paragraph (1) of the subsection
 A lay brother, an acolyte, a Priest in training, a non-ordained Priest, a person so devoted that they have been invested with Divine power  or something else
 As a person whose job includes confronting history every day
 But if a person begins life at conception, then isn''t abortion a human rights issue too? 
 Once a person has pre-registered on the SMDHU website, they will be placed in the queue to receive a vaccine appointment. 
 And in that case consider a person who may be on tab x  and do ctrl-t to create a new one  and then maybe use ctrl-1 to go back to a first tab
 When a person who lives with bipolar disorder is not seeking or getting the proper treatment
 The decorator of the present day may be compared to a person who is called upon to write a letter in the English language  but is ordered  in so doing
 A person uses Ohmni to video call in and control the robot remotely
 When a person started to do riotous things the entire group
 If the patient has a strong Will and self-confidence, he will not be as much affected by adverse comments and thoughts as a person having a weak Will. 
 For instance, if a person asks "What is the meaning of my life?" 
 A person 
 How it comes out must at some level reflect on what a person is really saying and while misusing words wrong once is pardonable  offensive language
 And when people remember a person who was born nine centuries ago, it makes immortality practically a reality. 
 The former was a case of a conveyance of land, and the court said (p. 418): " A person who has received a benefit under such an agreement  and then repudiates it
 A person 
 For example, ''The human being is to be respected and treated as a person from the moment of conception'' Pope John Paul II Evangelium Vitae 60, emphasis added. 60. 
 In other words, we do NOT agree that AG Lynch is a person who is above reproach, a person who will ignore politics.. 
 a person . 
 The lab must look for tiny chemical differences between the EPO a person makes naturally and EPO that is injected as a drug. 
 scam and stratagem) is an attempt to defraud a person or group after first gaining their confidence, used in the classical sense of trust. 
 a person satisfy your instant wealth wants. 
 a person .'' 
 Key words: social skills, strength perspective, case study, a person with moderate intellectual disability. 
 since you''ve got never accomplished something with a person either? 
 Yet for love''s sake I rather appeal to you – since I am such a person as Paul, the aged (an ambassador), and now also prisoner of Christ Jesus - 
 A luohti always has a specific subject, usually a person , described in an intense voice. 
" said Saffredent; "but though there were a hundred others  she should have my voice  as a person from whom we are sure to learn something." 
 A person without spiritual fatigue will struggle until the mission is fulfilled. 
 The relationships that form depend upon whether a person embodies an object  i.e.  feels the object is an extension of himself or whether the object embodies the person  i.e.
 Such a person tends to blame themselves by default, oftentimes without any good reason. 
 "Notre Dame taught me a lot about myself, how I learn, who I am as a person and how I fit into nursing," says Notre Dame Nursing graduate, Gningla. 
 A person needs a quality long lasting stove. 
 When a person lands on the search engine and surfs for the desired result he gets many options. 
 To use your ice cream example, if a person has a hormonal condition that makes resisting chocolate ice cream difficult
 orthodox |ˈôrTHəˌdäks| adjective 1 (of a person or their views  esp. religious or political ones
 Obviously, you have no control over whether or not a person goes to the site and clicks on Find a Club. 
 A person needs little: to look for and found. 
 Maybe Guevara''s first cigar was stubbed out against his will - that could really affect a person very badly. 
 Satellites MAY fall out of space and land on a person . 
 That''s not how team play goes and i''ve got no interest in them as a person if that is how they act. 
 That''s distinct from a person who has a particular job or responsibility
 People vary so much in size and proportion that not all exercises will optimally "fit" a person . 
 a person can die. 
 Physicians Care also offers PCR Molecular testing and Antibody (Serology) testing  to determine if a person has antibodies from a past COVID-19 infection. 
 I personally know that a lot of the techniques in the book are solid, but I am not sure that a person who is new to personal finance would be convinced that this is the path to millions. 
 and after a disaster it will probably be impossible to locate a person with the knowledge and working equipment to help. 
 Pinker also spoke of neuropeptide, also called "the cuddle chemical," which helps lower stress and is released when a person is close enough to nurture or be nurtured. 
 spiritual and mental functions of a person . 
 In other words, how much money a person spends  and thus pays in sales taxes
 Sober 7 days now, I will prove that - once again - a person 
 So why can''t I, a person who loves many of the same things Anderson loves, love Wes Anderson? 
 For example, when I was in federal prison in 1982 and again in 1984, if a person stayed out of trouble, they only had to serve two-thirds of the sentence. 
 But, the contract is no more, the day has been saved and now Amy has a "never have I ever:" Hire a person you dated to play at your wedding  then cancel them by stealing their contract  burning it in front of them
 A person who actively campaigns for support during an election 
 In some cases, such as the case of Kelly Gissendaner from Georgia, a person can be put to death without actually killing someone. 
 The problem is that a person who is very smart often has a lot of confidence in being able to make correct conclusions on a variety of topics
 a person who introduced herself as a staff of Cardema. 
 To obtain healthy levels of psychological flexibility, a person can utilize a combination of the six core processes of ACT. 
 foodstuffs are often associated with psychological/ emotional consequences- eating meat makes a person violent
 In addition, a person 
 It was later revealed that a person 
 Unless meeting the definition of a person exempted from the licensing requirements as stated in Cal. Ins. 
 The DEA obviously considers him a suspect or a person of interest that will lead them to the cousin. 
 I figure a person who cranks out more than half a dozen similar posts probably isn''t faking it
 Can a person be clearly held responsible for statements they have made (no chance of a ha 
 Crucially, this would mean taking action before a person commits violent crimes. 
 We need to get back to the original intent of the law, which was that only the inventor ( a person or persons) who made the creation own the patent, and make it non-transferable. 
 And at least one case where a person was able to login to a PC even through 2FA authentication. 
 A person exposed to smallpox virus will initially have no symptoms and is not contagious. 
 When you charge a person   an adult selling drugs to another adult  more than a quarter mile from the school and when the law  as this law does
 A person of true virtue and who is a good friend will make time for both and treat you the same. 
 but she called him a piece of shit  and then later broke up with him for talking to the "wrong" person  a person she also never once told him he was not "allowed" to see (which obviously wouldn''t have been okay either
 Sure no one likes to see a person down on his luck, but in the end those may be the experiences that lead them to turn to the Lord. 
 A gossip who has slandered the character of a person should work to restore the good name of the person he has harmed. 
 It''s right up there with various expressions of disgust for you being a person who has negative feelings about being treated badly – "OOOOHHH, here come the waterworks!" 
 I''d think that if a person wants to get more yellow to show, you could try dry brushing this stuff on, or apply the ink in select areas. 
 The other significant difficulty, by the way, is that as long as a person is sustained and comforted by the Holy Spirit  he is not bearing the full burden of injuries done to him
 Who was she to decide when a person should move on? 
 and perhaps the best indicator of which way a person will go on various theological issues is discovered in how they answer your question above. 
 On the other hand a person with financial security can be miserable in this life. 
 I''d date me the hell outta some joyce, first I''d respect her as a person   then I''d get her the complete dexter and monkey master series  then I''d get her the comics  then we''d talk about jesus
 (This means if a person downloads the same file multiple times during a 30 minute session
 In the case of an ACS that, acting pursuant to instructions from a person other than the reporting financial institution itself
 The more these abilities are impaired, the more services will be necessary to maintain a person in an ambulatory setting. 
 What about a person who believes the Church should change its policy and stop permitted undocumented members to serve in callings
 If there are two applications that have the same merit, a reviewer would generally support a person he knows that an unknown one. 
 Jessica says: "Almost every architecture CV has the same information; whether a person has done Part I, II, III etc. so this experience will add something else to my CV. 
 There is far more motivation to commit this crime-for-request when a person in power requests it versus if I were to post it on twitter/fb. 
 The idea that a person might casually glance at our list and rent Sunrise instead of The Loneliest Planet (or even Take This Waltz
 While the public debate on mental health is welcome, as a person recovering from a mental disorder
 I met a person and I really started to like him a lot. 
 "You are a person sick of words and I am sick of life," she said walking down Obispo, searching for the sea and Plaza de Armas. 
 A person from the department of health and human resources may be able to take one of your kids away
 What are your thoughts on how a person might exist in stillness
 Sanrosa question Would it help cappileraries that stay red while a person isn''t flushing like making them look like they don''t have rosacea or would it just prevent future flushing? 
 A person who has a public health degree may also be able to apply his or her skills in a career abroad. 
 a person he had investigated. 
 Simply, a person becomes a person through the people or community. 
 "During most springs it has been so wet that a person walking on the track would leave footprints 2 to 4 inches deep." 
 tarred and feathered- a punishment used in the past were a person has hot tar put on them
 The common thread was the commander''s authority to appoint a person or board to make a swift determination of guilt or innocence  and an appropriate sentence
 not just the child but also the parent or carer as a first teacher and myself as a person in a position to offer the gift of books.'' 
 He was a person who had been in the classroom most of his life
 like  two of them take charge and the third one is kind of like a person who''s allowed to have a little bit more family time. 
 Everydespondent man or woman should paste inhisorhei hat tin- words which Napoleon spoke to a person wh i -aid he would avoid :. certain situation by blowing out I rain . "Yes  I can do that '''' said the ■ iperor
" as one would expect a person of his high-hat tenden-cies to do. 
 However, Lou is correct as a general rule USERRA forbids a plan to treat a person on military leave as anything but as still employed if they go back to work immediately upon returning from duty. 
 By ''Australian Aboriginal'' I mean, in accordance with what I understand to be the conventional meaning of that term, a person of Aboriginal descent  albeit mixed
 The committee proposed a number of qualifications for a person seeking to nominate themselves in presidential elections, including: 
 a person the Houthis had killed. 
 To be able to run as candidate for CDU leader, a person needs to be endorsed by a subdivision of the party (either the federal executive board or a state
 stating that a person "who intentionally reads out words which do not accord with the wording of the oath prescribed by law
 "These women were the first to message me as soon as my divorce came out, and really care about me as a person . 
 A person who is vomiting may require injections of hydrocortisone, instead. 
 but an achiral object like a person can. 
 a person of ordinary skill in the art to modify the prior art teachings to obtain the claimed invention). 
 Jenkinson told David Knox of TV Tonight that "what really attracted me to her as a person and character was this endless positivity and optimistic outlook on life. 
 "Last Stop Suburbia" the band includes a Thank You section  one of the people thanked is Brian Peterson  A person affiliated with The Fireside Bowl in Fullerton, Chicago. 
 Andrew blows his Umbubble, a kind of bubble gum that can be blown big enough to accommodate a person (another of Andrew''s inventions). 
 "Positional" or "restraint" asphyxia is when a person is restrained and left alone prone  such as in a police vehicle
 Active control usually takes place when a person is in a situation where balance is compromised. 
 Both face the most complex murder investigations while he secretly tries to solve the murder of a person close to him. 
 Some campaigners, such as the Tennessee-based Liberty Legal Foundation, contend that in order for a person to be a natural-born citizen within the meaning of Article II  Section 1
 One case has been reported of a person without a general fish allergy having an anaphylactic reaction to pangasius. 
 Mindless procrastination results from a person loosing track of time during their daily tasks. 
 When a person places greater expectation on a particular outcome simply because that outcome had just occurred
 On learning that Sivaji''s parents are no more and sister had left the country after marrying a person , Appa Rao agrees to share the money between the tailor, barber and himself. 
 awarded every two years from 2000 to 2012 by the Mondriaan Fonds to a person who has played a stimulating role in the field of visual arts, design or architecture. 
 such as for mourners  women  slaves  and minors  and the obligation of a person in a state of ritual uncleanness (tumah) to recite the Shema, Amidah and other blessings. 
 Ostler argues that God cannot know what acts a person will freely do in the future. 
 They therefore considered that such a person became a United Kingdom citizen on 1st January, 1949 ". 
 It was originally an occupational surname used to identify a person who worked as a butcher. 
 He left France with his family at the end of 1863, following a duel between his father Emmanuel and a person close to the Emperor Napoleon III. 
 1 case for a person from the Royal Jordanian that works in cleaning the airplanes  1 cases for a person who was in close contact with an infected person in ajloun
 In contemporary usage, the term is understood to refer to the act by which any Christian church declares that a person who has died is a saint  upon which declaration the person is included in the list of recognized saints
 There are many simple changes that can be made to the everyday lifestyle of a person that would reduce their GHG footprint. 
 Based on textual analysis, Van Gulik became convinced that the second part was a later addition written by " a person of feeble talents". 
 An article in Think Progress speculated that he could be imprisoned under provisions of the law that " A person who aids  abets  counsels or procures another to engage in acts of homosexuality commits an offence and is liable
 In the first diagram, let''s say the object is a person sitting inside a plane, the two forces point down only when it reaches the top of the circle. 
 Cisco then visits his lawyer, who confirms the garage belongs to a person called Betty Hall, apparently related to Holland. 
 A battery is committed when a person intentionally and recklessly harms someone directly." 
 In 1958, the Columbia Journalism Award, the school''s highest honor, was established to recognize a person of overarching accomplishment and distinguished service to journalism. 
 a system to combine many Lamport Key-sets under a single public value that can be tied to a person and verified by others was developed. 
 A person 
 In other words, a person who appraises themselves positively (i.e.
 A credit assistant is a person employed by an organization to provide support services to credit managers
 a person about from place to place  hiding his tools  clothes  or other property  watching and besetting his house
 Blue with a red stripe is sometimes worn for Renshi (錬士) or for a person recognized by the older Ryu Kyu Kingdom title of Shinshi (from Shenshi  紳士)
 Although most people do have an intuitive understanding of what a person is, the definition has much room for improvement. 
 A person who was youga master and got hypnotism skills. 
 Violations of human dignity in terms of humiliation refer to acts that humiliate or diminish the self-worth of a person or a group. 
 A person 
 At one end of the track, nearest the audience, is a raised frame large enough to hold a person . 
 The reconstruction of such movements gives a person more power and speed. 
 Ghrelin is a hormone that increases appetite by signaling to the brain that a person is hungry. 
 a person who was not a member of the party, but Hempel took steps to join the following year, his NSDAP card being dated 1 July 1938. 
 Unless a close relative, a person can only vote as a proxy on behalf of a maximum of two other voters in any single election in each constituency/ward. 
 noting that they could not handle health or welfare issues and assumed that a person either had mental capacity or did not. 
 A person 
 "the freest  cheapest way for a person to express themselves cinematically". 
 a person selling something in the foreground of the painting." 
 Getting out of his car, Walker said he saw a person with a flashlight in the vicinity of where he had hidden the bolt cutters. 
 which he believed had therapeutic effects  making " a person for a time forget he ever had any care, business, or anxiety." 
 Symptoms of FCMS can be present in a person of any age and it is diagnosed using automatic-voluntary dissociation assessment  psycholinguistic testing
 A legitimate fount of honour is a person or entity who holds sovereignty when the order is awarded; ultimately  it is the authority of the state
 A Bill To Prohibit Discrimination In Sale Or Rental Of Housing  And To Prohibit Racially Motivated Interference With A Person Exercising His Civil Rights, And For Other Purposes". 
 the invention is non-statutory regardless of any post-solution activity which makes it available for use by a person or machine for other purposes." 
 Ghostwriter, a person hired to author texts that are credited to another person 
 a seconder  and four or more persons as assentors  each of whom must be a person on the register of electors for the electoral division in which the person seeks election. 
 points out that the source cited by Posner  a copy of which can be read online  clearly identifies Branch Nogara not as a person , but as the small town of Nogara located just north of the River Po, where Abwehr Unit 254 maintained its supply depot. 
 If a person becomes a respectable member of society it will raise their social class. 
 Example: A person 
 misdemeanors  as well as felonies are considered to be de facto evidence that a person does not have good moral character. 
 The traveler is later rewarded or has their life saved by a person or animal who is actually the soul of the dead person; the grateful dead is a form of the donor. 
 made to a person whose outstanding work has had a significant impact in Melbourne. 
 Holding a firearms licence does not imply a person owns the gun they possess or use; the firearm could be owned by a business or organisation  club  dealer
 Further a person 
 Expert, a person with extensive knowledge or ability in a particular domain 
 Whatever heartache and heart''s desire may live in a person   from heavy-blooded night dreams through all stages to the laughing images of jest
 Reb Elimelech believed that the primary awakening that pushes a person to repent comes through the rebbe, and that the spirit of Shabbos is the greatest catalyst for this repentance. 
 a person who thought he had met me before but could not make out for certain." 
 ^ A decedent is a person who owned the property before this death. 
 Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act to bring criminal charges against a person for selecting a victim because of their gender identity. 
 He developed an opinion that Christ was a revolutionary figure– a person who was killed for having dangerous opinions
 By chance, Gyewol is saved by a person named Master Yeo  who treats Gyewol like a boy and sends her to study with Taoist Master Kwak along with his own son
 The bill created a punishment of imprisonment for life and a fine if a woman is abducted or induced to marry a person without her personal consent and will. 
 This disparate treatment of a person on the housing market can be based on group characteristics or on the place where a person lives. 
 If a DIO detains a person , they must arrange for a constable to attend as soon as is reasonably practicable. 
 A person is mentally incompetent to commit an offence if  at the time of the conduct alleged to give rise to the offence
 In many situations in the United States, a person is considered to have acted with intent if the definitions of purpose or knowledge are satisfied. 
 Ch. 3-4 Piroshiki notes that she detects just the honesty of the person, and that a person can be sincere but wrong about something and not sprout a tail
 It is an annual award that recognizes a person who has made outstanding contributions to forensic psychiatry or psychiatric jurisprudence. 
 Played in the key of B major, the song, inspired by singer Chubby Cherry''s crush on a person named Jenny
 On 12 November 2012, Belize police began to search for McAfee as a person of interest in connection to the homicide investigation of American expatriate Gregory Viant Faull
 A person has been identified as a suspect: the former boyfriend of a woman that Serrano is friends with. 
 The Executive Yuan Cultural Award is to honor a person who has made special contributions towards maintaining or enhancing culture. 
 Advocacy Award from ALPHA Disability Section: "This award is presented to a person 
 Morocco: A person who was born in Morocco to parents also born in Morocco and whose immigration is legal
 Risk of asymptomatic kala azar is high for anyone in close contact with a person with kala azar. 
 I was an atypical student when I began my academic career in paleontology because I was female, a person of color (Black, Chinese, plus...), and older than most students entering graduate school. 
 When a person studies a skill for a longer duration of time  but in a shorter amount of time they will learn quickly
 they were not entirely to be blamed for their actions that day: "What can we expect of students if a person in that position and of that stature (Brewster) engages in such acts?" 
 The Lagdow Cairn on Kirkbride Hill is a small monument of stones that is said to commemorate the site where a person named Dow was shot by Sir Robert Grierson
 Yet doubt is guileful, on secret paths it sneaks around a person , and when faith is expecting victory, doubt whispers that this expectancy is a deception. 
 In some dialects, ''korho'' is used to mean ( a person ) of poor hearing or (a person) lacking wit
 He was alleged to threatened a person with a gun. 
 Anyone who, without violence, maintains a sexual relationship or practices sexual touching on a person 
 several noble men and women are known to have engaged in homosexual activity and express their love for a person of the same sex. 
 It is a state of a person ." 
 He is believed to be a person from 8th generation of Imam Musa Kazim, the 7th Imam according to Shia sect of Islam. 
 Culture plays a role in how a person learns a language and communicates what they have learned and is substantially social in context. 
 makes it an offense to use intimidation or physical force – such as forming a blockade – in order to prevent a person from entering a facility which provides reproductive healthcare or a place of worship. 
 how women shaped the wild west  and how the west''s true hero was not even a person . 
 To this end, Idea Man, who knew of Psychoblast''s fetishes, had his henchpersons seek out a person who suitably met the criteria of a "sexy librarian". 
 August 18, 1939 – A tornado spawned by a weakening tropical depression kills a person in the state. 
 sometimes going to the extreme of chasing a person around if he doesn''t satisfy his curiosity. 
 regardless of race  ethnicity or origin (including Portuguese people)  or for a person whose native language is not Portuguese (including people whose native language is Spanish). 
 A fictional genetic disorder characterized by a person being born without buttocks, forcing them to sit on their tailbone and cause pain in their back. 
 A person visiting Kalagala Falls leaned back to take a selfie, slipped on the wet ground, fell, and drowned. 
 A person was riding on the roof of a train when they received an electric shock and were killed. 
 much like a human knows whether they''ve met a person before based on unique facial characteristics. 
 "My House" is about a poltergeist and is "also a metaphor for a person , being like, ''Go away.'' 
 Ethnic Jew is a term generally used to describe a person of Jewish parentage and background who does not necessarily actively practice Judaism
 "There''s never been a documented case of a healthy wild wolf killing or seriously injuring a person in North America." 
 Şenocak''s texts about multiculturalism, transculturalism, and identity, are often based on his own experiences as a person with two different cultures, though his works are not strictly autobiographical. 
 841 F. Supp.2d 1232 (D. Col 2012)  is a federal criminal case in Colorado that addressed whether a person can be compelled to reveal his or her encryption passphrase or password
 There is no power that can kill a person . 
 The Encyclopedia of Judaism clarifies that the title of ''son of God'' is attributed a person whose piety has placed him in a very near relationship to God and "by no means carries the idea of physical descent from
 There are a variety of reasons why a person may not have received a vaccination  including contraindications due to preexisting medical conditions
 A Midrash taught that those angels who escort a person in the Land of Israel do not escort that person outside of the Land. 
 He believes that a person can amass wealth only using intelligence. 
 Also dealing with an overall effect and the room''s whole impact on a person . 
 A person with the last name of Meller  but not John Galloway Meller
 For example, if a person unexpectedly saw an image of their own mother on the screen, their face and body would react. 
 a person belonging to a national, racial, ethnic or other population group due to his/her membership in such a group. 
 One more case was reported in Chandigarh in a person who had returned from Dubai. 
 with the possibility of causal anomalies such as a person going back in time and potentially shooting their own grandfather
 One type can rescue a person and another type are able to move large objects. 
 A person swallows from 1,200 to 2,000 times every 24 hours with about 4 pounds (1.8 kg) of pressure each time. 
 but the Arminian doctrine of prevenient (or "enabling") grace is considered sufficient to enable a person to believe and repent before regeneration. 
 The amount of the tax credit varies depending on personal circumstances; where a person qualifies for several of the below credits, only the highest is given. 
 This initial trust establishment resembles building a credit history; until a person builds a credit history long enough with excellent payment record, the lenders will not trust him/her to give a loan. 
 This is sometimes called "trumping" a person to the other location. 
 Craftsman: A person skilled in the arts of making  able to craft items both useful and wondrous
 As with all delegated legislation, because statutory instruments are made by a person exercising a power conferred by an Act of Parliament for a specified purpose
 Emotional shock, terror, or surprise can cause a person to faint, surrender, or flee when shot or shot at. 
 Megan Abbott, a writer of crime novels, states that the book explores the idea of a double, a person similar but not quite the same as someone else. 
 As a person gets older the eye''s recovery speed gets slower, so driving time and distance under impaired vision increases. 
 Thus, a person who cannot readjust to the deprived social order caused by economic downfall is more likely to die by suicide. 
 for example  if a person were asked by a teacher and his boss at work to write an essay on how he could improve his work. 
 considers that sexual violence consists of actions with a sexual nature committed with a person without their consent (...)''. 
 An implicit racial bias refers to unintentional judgments a person makes of a group (e.g. good/bad) of a certain ethnicity. 
 Madhavan says that the killer is a person named Gopikrishnan, and Jo understands immediately that he means the hypnotist Krishnan, who helped Anjali. 
 and she is shocked upon knowing that the property was transferred to a person named Ram, who stays in Bhutan. 
 particularly smuggling people across borders  it only requires "the use of force  fraud  or coercion to exploit a person for profit," and it is understood to be a form of slavery. 
 According to the defense, " A person 
 Next to one of these bodies they find a set of notebooks written by a person named Kindzu. 
 it "drove" the Unix host by sending characters to its commandline as if a person were typing them (as a "bot"). 
 Anti-fat bias refers to the prejudicial assumption of personality characteristics based on an assessment of a person as being overweight or obese. 
 Thus, while a person cannot register the Coat of Arms of Queen Elizabeth II or of France  for example
 Sibling of a deaf adult, an acronym in deaf culture for a person with a deaf sibling 
 The fact that a person 
 A person acts in "self-defence" when he defends his own body against unlawful attack by someone else. 
 too  considering Rommel himself was a person screenwriters found hard to vilify or caricaturize. 
 The report described how a person 
 The legend says that a person can trap a Saci inside a bottle when he is in the form of a dust devil. 
 California law enforcement agencies will no longer be able to transfer a person 
 Santería teaches that a person can learn to both see and communicate with the dead. 
 a person to move a finger after making the decision to do so) correlates with IQ just as strongly as reaction time
 The Criminal Justice Act 1988 section 77, prevents a person dealing with assets which are liable to be confiscated as the proceeds of crime. 
 He was a person 
 Rector of the university can be a person with at least a doctoral degree, employed by the university as the main place of work. 
 "Comboio Regional" Stops at the stations where a person has bought a ticket to the stop. 
 Further, a person was classed this way if two or more of their grandparents are part-Romani. 
 the paragraph defining the term Migrant worker was amended to read  "''Overseas Filipino worker'' refers to a person who is to be engaged
 As such, and contrary to a popular modern-day misconception, the fact of a person 
 If a person does not have the developmental potential to move into a multilevel view
 A Presentation Director is a person who works in the broadcast television industry. 
 A person is typically place on the Bad News List if they  "...stole from an affiliate on the outside
 Enforcer Masaoka teams up with Akane to investigate a person with a high Crime Coefficient in a shopping mall, and after they return, Akane shares a meal and banters with Kagari. 
 an acceptance of the course taken by a person who is interested in the Olympics above all else – Vladimir Putin." 
 The online mask does not reveal the actual identity of a person . 
 Laboratory training is learning from a person ''s "here and now" experience as a member of an ongoing training group. 
 A person with authority has the power to give orders, make decisions and enforce obedience. 
 Seen from a distance, the plant has the appearance of a person trudging up a slope whence its common name of halfmens (Afrikaans for ''semi-human''). 
 The land distribution includes one socially unconventional aspect: Srichandra gives three patakas to a person of the Vaidya caste while a Brahmin and a Kayastha were given two and 2.5 patakas, respectively. 
 activating the attached load across its contacts  acknowledging the detection of a person within the predetermined restricted area. 
 Without a mental illness or defect, a person is considered to be fully responsible for any criminal action not done under duress
 such evidence must have been given under oath or under express provision of law compelling a person to state the truth. 
 which prohibit the change of name or surname of a person , or any correction or change of entry in a civil register without a judicial order. 
 Such a person will often be a loner, waiting for the public to discover the truth of what they have been saying all along. 
 Paxson and Case theorize a person 
 Note that, for the purposes of Irish nationality law, a person born anywhere on the island of Ireland is considered "Irish." 
 MoMA curator Paola Antonelli called her " a person ahead of her time  not of her time"
 Inc.  an invention has been publicly used if it was used by " a person other than the inventor who is under no limitation, restriction or obligation of secrecy to the inventor". 
 The Mark II bullet had a full metal jacket and did not deform upon hitting a person , allowing it to travel straight through tissue and bone without smashing it. 
 criticized the officers'' actions as "criminalizing" a person who was trying to make a living. 
 Bhaskar takes her to his house where he understands she has been cheated by a person who is none other than Maya. 
 Also, in multiplayer gameplay, a person 
 Shame dictates that the genitals should be covered even when a person is alone. 
 Micropsia can be a symptom of Hallucinogen Persisting Perception Disorder, or HPPD, in which a person can experience hallucinogenic flashbacks long after ingesting a hallucinogen. 
 Among the engineers were Charlie Thomas, Dick O''Neil, and a person of short stature named George Hawks, who was very popular with his passengers. 
 In Spanish America, the term mestizaje, which is derived from mestizo, is a term used to describe a person who is the offspring of an indigenous American and a European. 
 (2) An electronic document is authenticated by a person if the electronic signature of that person– 
 so that the phrase might be misunderstood as being about a person named Owi laughing "in a loveable manner". 
 Inherent diversity is a set of traits a person is born with, e.g. gender, ethnicity and sexual orientation. 
 Lazy eye, in particular strabismus may be the result of coordination between the extraocular muscles, which prevents a person on directing both eyes in unison towards the same fixation point. 
 In the second half, Irfan talks about a 500-year old coffin in which a person was buried alive as a punishment. 
 Many modern sources report that Campbell was abducted along with a person identified as Mrs. Stuart or Stewart. 
 Remembering and learning from past mistakes is crucial in the emotional development of a person and helps to ensure they do not repeat previous errors. 
 and a beacon would be flashing Morse code sequences that a person could read), a software can establish more complex and robust data exchange formats. 
 a person is carrying. 
 Sun Quan once said: " A person improves as he grows older. 
 Relative pronouns can refer to a person (кој  која  кое - who)  objects (што - which) or serve as indicators of possession (чиј  чија
 The average income for a person in the village in the areas surrounding Macha is US$1 per day. 
 This will be awarded once a year to a person that has distinguished him or herself in the spread of culture and in defense of world peace. 
 It was patronized by all layers of society to pay respect to spirits, give thanks for the harvest, or to cure a person of various illnesses. 
 how come that she  a person that we probably didn''t hear of before, becomes the superior of Adam Muto? - George6VI (talk) 17:05, 6 June 2021 (UTC) 
 I suggest to go directly to the original source instead of listening from a person reporting. 
 Making up some fake fantasy web sites is not enough to establish that a person is the heir to a former throne of Europe. 
 It would explain certain deaths, like Sakuragi (a 3-3 student) dying on the same day as her mother ( a person related to a 3-3 student), and the death the following month in the hospital elevator. 
 Does a person only have a religious identity and nothing else? 
 wherein a reign lasted "one year" even if he was only in power for one month of that year.) They also consider a person already one year old when they are born. 
 acquire Brazilian nationality"  thus letting the law determine whatever conditions are necessary for a person to naturalize. 
 Ciao 90 said: "Brazilians are only people born in Brazil", there''s another case: A person born in Brazil
 Because when a person (rishi) who feel the only wave of birth has may very deeply silence in his own being i must
 Whether or not one school is properly called Cal Poly or not, does not matter as long as you accept that a person might be referring to either school, mistakenly or not. 
 we wouldn''t be banning any mention of her as a person . 
 A person with cateracts sees the world as if through a fog. 
 as shown in the postcard campaign promoting a separate but equal gallery for the Holodomor  a person such as Chatterley obviously objected to the depiction of the current proponents of the Holocaust gallery as "pigs". 
 This information is important because the Dakota culture makes up Eastman as a person , author, scholar, etc. but it is overwhelming to read all at once. 
 Thus, JWs believe a person who lives 800 or 900 years is still mortal; JWs believe a person is not immortal just because his death isn''t imminent. 
 Generally though, a person who accuses someone of being a sockpuppet should be right. 
 Could you explain what is the "size of the section" ? BTW, if a person like myself doesn''t understand something upon careful reading, then probably clarification is needed in the text. 
 Newsagents (without the possesive apostrophe) is the plural of newsagent ( a person ) and means more than one newsagent (people, not a building). 
 I suggest an image of a person receiving chest physiotherapy would be iconic of this condition, since it is likely a daily ritual. 
 Darius Guppy first came to attention as Charles Spencer''s best man, someone who was only famous for being the brother of a person who married someone who happened to be the son of the Queen, who was simply born into that role. 
 This is a bio of a person who is not notable. 
 Now as for "dating habits" we don''t need to list every single romantic partner that a person has. 
 I simply cannot understand why it is wrong or rude to notice if a person is mute. 
 A person becomes not a patient but merely another body to be worked on. 
 a person standing in frame for some perspective of the scale involved
 However, a person that puts in an application at one of the 13 intelligence agencies in the US
 A person named Edward Leroy Crain, born in 1903, died in Jackson County, Oregon in 1975 - . Is this the same person? 
 Of a person : lacking knowledge or understanding; ignorant
 If a person goes on Wikipedia to find out what ensemble cast means
 It is not customarily acceptable for a person who did not die in service to his country to be depicted on a rampant horse. 
 Upon this ruling it was stated that police must advise a person of their rights. 
 My understanding is that Butenschøn''s criterion is based on the primary language of a person . 
 In everyday English speech, it depends on how much a person knows about plants. 
 In the case of a person who is notable but not well-studied (like Florentius), the PLRE may be the only reliable source available. 
 a person 
 A person identifying himself as Frank Mundus edited this article (correcting birth information) in January 2007. 
 a person extremely early on in the existing article''s history. 
 wc is cutoff frequency in radians per second etc. I think the spirit of these articles should be that a person can just read them cold  without having to already know the jargon! 71.139.173.203 (talk) 06:22
 While there are other examples of a person being adopted by more than one person (e.g. Q. Pompeius Falco & his decendants), this is admittedly unusual. 
 Indeed, a person can believe in eternal security and belong to the Society of Evangelical Arminians. 
 He reasoned that before a person could go the entire distance, d, he first has to walk half of d. 
 a person over 235 pounds). 
 and two  the whole paragraph sounds like a hark back to the 80''s when drinking from the same cup from a person with AID''s meant you could get the disease. 
 (2) Participating in an edit war with a person who has edited the article in good faith. 
 "a person''s a person 
 I''ve met a person like that. 
 which is not thought to be underdeveloped in civilized peoples  as far as I know (I remember watching something about a person who lost his sense of smell, and was unable to differentiate the taste of coffee from the taste of tea). 
 When a person walks through this fog  behind him or her a completely visible tunnel appears
 Even though it isn''t hyphenated, a person can still have a surname made up of two (or more) names. 
 A person does not need to receive offical recognition to be a refugee any more than a person needs a bith certificate to be born. 
 An Italian Brazilian (Italian: Italo-Brasiliano, Portuguese: Ítalo-Brasileiro) is a person born in Brazil of Italian ancestry. 
 Knuth is a person with many opinions, and that fact that he asserts X does not necessarily mean that X is or should be so. 
 a person be chosen "by" a town meeting, they could be chosen "in a" or by the Boston town counsel. 
 I also don''t think it is WP:SOAP, if an article about a person primarily notable for their beliefs and opinions
 They all use it in its most basic, obvious, meaning, a person residing in Jerusalem. 
 Media notoriety (note that there is no Wikipedia entry for "notorious" or "notoriety") does not guarantee that such a person is notable. 
 The fact that Albert Einstein wrote frivolous rhyming couplets may be non-notable trivia, but if a person 
 you could easily find out on his own web-site and it''s information that is relevant to understanding him as a person . 
 A person revert my rename. 
 After ejecting from an aircraft "flying" at several hundred knots, no doubt a person would have suffered some bruising  but the appearance on Iraqi TV did not show such
 Mr. Reed seems to be on a mission to mercilessly bash every action and every quoted word of a person . 
 However, the Fourteenth Amendment does NOT designate only a person charged with a Felony having this right  therefore
 This does not give anyone the right to make such a person of democratic politics, the anti-fascist fighter and intrepid defender of the Jewish people. 
 because the subject''s involvement in the Civil Rights Movement almost places him above BLP1E; you might even say he''s a person notable for "one and a half events". 
 ( a person who is professionally involved in politics
 Whether or not you like it, What you snidely call "charm" is merely reflects the frustrated expressions of a person who wants to see clear-cut, well-written articles on this site. 
 Allow me to clarify: I am a person , the bot is not, therefore we are not the same person. 
 "sufficient information to identify the topic to a person 
 but the point was relative to the wider issue of all seater stadia  and the "with regards to" generally indicates what a person is referring to or agreeing with, i would have thought that was quite clear. 
 Because I can hardly imagine how a person could be called Window. - Sikon 15:32, 26 October 2006 (UTC) 
 wreckingis when a person takes the remains of already wrecked ships. 
 But later, listed as a Common Problem, it says, "When a person throws a draw four at the end of the game (his last card) and the next player throws a draw four on it
 Francis Gary Powers stated in his 1970 biography "Operation Overflight: A Memoir of the U-2 Incident" that he met a person 
 @Maxaxax: For a person 
 Besides, the article has been locked for not-autoconfirmed users by Scottywong, and you falsely pose as a person with block/ban rights, which appears to be in line with your overall bullying strategy. 
 The subject of the article is still of a person , not his career or where he spent the remainder of his life, so my questions still remain (unanswered). 
 Context can certainly make Pekingese refer to a person . 
 Next, a Painter "may refer to: Occupations: Creative artist in the medium of painting" and an artist "is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art
 a person ....as anything can be claimed in a complant. 
 Also if you look at the imdb message board (imdb.com) on Power''s page, there is a person on his message board who says she is related. 
 (Previously his article was deleted, so the name could still be useful as a redirect to his show.) Even if a person is independent of a person, place, or thing, if that''s what they''re best known for then that''s what they''d redirect to. 
 Does such a person exist? 
 We appear to generally agree that "theocon" is a term and not a person , so further discussion might be moot in this context. 
 Pardon me for beating a dead horse, but I''m moved to say a few more words about your strange idea that a person might not qualify as an atheist if he/she claims to believe in a "God" that is not the god of theism. 
 switching an instance of ''while'' to ''and''  de-capitalizing ''colonel'' when not by a person , linking Shrewsbury, linking Oxfordshire, italicizing de facto, please see that these are agreeable to you 
 however they will probably look into exactly how a person can so easily go about inserting random junk images to be returned when queried online. 
 If a person wants to look at maps for that information, they can do that. 
 As a person ignorant on the topic  I don''t know
 In Tahoe, a person should have a permit to keep a 6" DBH tree, but the limit has been raised to 14". 
 Second, policy states that "Caution should be used with content categories that suggest a person has a poor reputation (see false light). 
 I don''t think a person should re-source a source that already exists in the same sentnce. 
 A native son is a person who was born in a specific place. 
 and use it to silence every critical voice  because otherwise it would mean that there is something wrong with a person who criticize him. 
 Bancroft was known then and easily confirnmed now as a person who wrote bogus histories for wealthy clients. 
 except for the most famous authors  we include their major works--these can include essays if a person is known primarily as an essayist, but usually not otherwise. 
 I''ll admit I''m not positive, I''ll trust you and change it, about understanding, Wikipedia says to write so a person who doesn''t know the topic can understand it  i believe they can understand
 that seems to lack a specific name for a person (Yankee? gringo?) on the formal level. 
 Just that it is not of a person with that name, born on that date, in that city. 
 A person might note on a personal web site that that person strongly prefers Mint Chip ice cream to Vanilla. 
 they both have very little information and could benfit from a person who knows what their talking about put meat on the bones of those articles 
 (How many freckles must a person 
 If a person on GnRH antagonists misses that hormone spike, they miss it. if they miss part of it, then that part is missed. 
 For instance, in the jurisdictions that I practice in, a person 
 Im a person who suffers diabetes not funny you makers of . Tina Brooker 78.86.136.227 (talk) 18:40, 21 November 2021 (UTC) 
 During the advertising campaign and on the back cover of Sinanoglu''s autobiographical book, he called himself " a person who has been the world''s youngest professor in the past 300 years!" 
 Being inhabitants of an Asian continent has no effect on her ethnicity or race which is inferred by calling a person ''Asian''.( 
 This is not a person who follows what they themselves wrote exactly one minute ago. 
 He is a person of note and interest and it is in the interests of everyone on the internet that this article remains in place. 
 In my view, I can just about understand the removal of content by a person closely associated with the subject, given the emotion they would feel reading it presented the way it is. 
 Until 2009, the Dutch monarch could also incorporate into the Dutch nobility a foreign title of a person who was a naturalized citizen of the Netherlands or whose father was a naturalized citizen
 The article is written from the prospective of a person who might wish to support the organization, and expects the readers to be pre-disposed to the same POV. 
 A person reading it is likely going to think they''re both Australian Longest Running TV Show. 
 "Example 17: A Jewish person, or a person with at least one Jewish grandparent  or a person who converts to Judaism
 As a person who rarely creates articles in this category, I wasn''t familiar with WP:BLPCRIME or relevant policies. 
 like ask help from them to knwo the future of a person etc. The spells could be in many languages Arabic
 The term Deaf (capital D) is usually used in reference to a person who is culturally deaf. 
 Is it that they make a person seem more attractive, more fertile, or less so? 
 a person ; but deleting one seen as unflattering and inserting one seen as supportive is not objective). 
 a person ." 
 but the face of a person he/she has a strong bond to. 
 The anus is one of the private parts of a person , and it is as sensitive as other private organs such as the penis and vagina. 
 Appearance: In art the ka was portrayed in several ways: a person identical to the person whom it was associated with, as a shadowy figure, as a person with two upraised arms on his head. 
 I personally think a person could wear Noche during the day and not overwhelm anyone. 
 money  status –and they thwart Maggie''s growth as a person and her ambitions. 
 First off, from what I understand, the story was below the fold, meaning that a person would have had to pick up the paper in order to even see it. 
 What is the purpose/meaning of life for a person who the supreme law is reason? 
 The number of hits and where they land decide if a person "dies" or not. 
 Where a person worships reflects what they think worship should "look and feel like
 Again he is NOT protesting but still DISCLOSING the FACTS when a person is ACTUALLY given poison what happens. 
 [/blockquote] And this has nothing to do with how well a person 
 If a person can''t even act professional during a JOB INTERVIEW  when they''re trying to make a good impression
 doomed to brief duration  no matter how – necessary ... – You can''t  you must never catch hold of and cry out to a person , loved or needed as deeply as if loved – "Take care of me, I''m frightened, don''t know the next step!" 
 shot on location in Havana  Cuba available at www.EveryThingCuba.com  Amazon.com and anywhere a person dares to speak for Cuba. 
 That''s precisely what [Tuang] set out to do with the "Social Touch Suit", a piece of wearable technology which requires a person actually make physical contact with the wearer to perform social engagements. 
 Hence, a person with a purpose and aim in life should be open-minded and grab a chance when it arrives or go after it, if necessary. 
 You have people that fight for peoples rights, but not truly inspiring, but when you have a person stand up and take a high road that could have been just brushed off and avoided. 
 a person . 
 Alison is a person 
 This can be a tiresome stance (and I say that as a person of Irish descent), a way to avoid current-day problems. 
 They may make lifestyle decisions, such as where a person should live, as well as give their consent to medical, dental and health care services generally. 
 We need a person of integrity, a person who practices the qualities of compassion, family, patriotism. 
 She''s trying to save herself as an ACTRESS, not as a person – she''s trying to figure out how to play that damn role and make the whole thing better. 
 It can easily be observed whether a person 
 a person 
 A person from any other nation would lose his U.S. citizenship for serving in a foreign military. 
 They are also characterized by their belief in perfectionism, the teaching that a person in his earthly life can reach a state where he is no longer under the domination of sin. 
 The therapeutic community is largely divided between proponents of "gay gene" theory who believe a person is born a homosexual and will always be a homosexual
 If a person 
 You also confirm that you are older than 18 or that you have the consent of your parent or a person holding parental responsibility. 
 There is a significant divergence from similar law in England and Wales where intent is required for a person to be criminalised for behaviour which another finds insulting. 
 For example, a person who chooses to be queer is not usually under tremendous social pressure to become queer
 To meet a person at his 
 Apparently in San Diego, benefits are not even reduced when a person dies. 
 such a person should keep silent. 
 Beneficiary The recipient, typically a person , an organization, or a trust, of the proceeds of a life insurance policy when the insured person dies 
 A person can harbour these emotions without acting on them. 
 They are also placed inside the vehicle to provide proof of any mishaps while a person is detained inside. 
 Before we do this though, we need something to represent our model data, for example a person : 
 ( A person with AIDS who knowingly parents a child has no one to blame but himself/herself when birth is given to an infected child. 
 A person 
 12 July 2007 (hist) (diff) Cause of action (New page: A cause of action is the fact or facts which give a person a right to relief in court. category:legal terms) (top) [rollback] • 23:16
 There are no obvious signs to warn you – you cannot tell if a person is HIV Positive just by looking at them! 
 A trust is where a person or entity is appointed to manage property for the benefit of someone else. 
 Underneath that complex of poem and theory, there is of course a person who subscribes to a set of beliefs. 
 If a person 
 If a person does not wish to have his coal ration reduced
 When the congregation at a baptism promises to surround a person with a community of love and forgiveness, that is just a dim echo of what God has already done for us in Jesus. 
 a person signs up to become a distributor without having a sales kit. 
 We believe that a person 
 The only way to decide whether a person was Jewish was to trace the religious affiliation of the parents or grandparents. 
 A person 
 I felt that Dorm Braman was very out of his character and I couldn''t understand why a person whom I had the highest respect for would do what he did. 
 A person was paid to fell the tree, another to cut the wood, and yet another to build the stool. 
 M: Are the world and the conscious relation with it essential to your being a person ? 
 For another, yes, it is the solemn duty of a friend to keep a person safe and look out for their best interests, but at least see whether or not they are actually in any danger! 
 for presenting a quick case vignette  for interviewing a person or to provide question and answers for students in video format. 
 you can call me Debbie fbiagentrichardjustin (4:35 PM): Ok Debbie (4:36 PM): second - I don''t care if a person isn''t an American
 Your eyes are one of (if not the very) first a person will notice on you. 
 I mean, what do you say to a person who tells you they''ve had a "mystical" experience? 
 While there''s lots of ways to define culture, one way to think about it is what happens to a person when that culture acts upon them. 
 Although people can be allergic to coconuts, it''s highly unlikely that a person allergic to tree nuts or peanuts (which are legumes) will be allergic to coconuts. 
 director of the laboratory for Human Identification and Forensic Anthropology  testified that a person can manipulate a blade once it is in the wound, and the methods used to test this twin knife were unreliable. 
 To see a person or thing is to see it in relation..." 
 Voluntary ("201"): A person willingly enters an in-patient treatment facility. 
 Neither has any pastor/minister any mandate before God or Jesus Christ to insist that such a person tithes (gives a tenth of their income to their local church). 
 Can a person be prosecuted and convicted on bad breath evidence? 
 Yes, it is a bit of a tricky one . . . when I say untrained I mean as a person who could prescribe medication. 
 you can see that even the object to which a person is paying attention may be switched without his noting it. 
 When a person begins to "journey" in this way  he may even think of the experience as a "fluke
 This might be where a person 
 But how can you directly express your sympathy to a person ? 
 If a person is out in an open space and cannot find anything to conceal him when he needs to answer the call of nature
 It is the titanic nature that prevented a person from reaching Elysium. 
 This is some of the best catch-n-release fishing a person will ever see. 
 Such a person becomes impractical sometimes. 
 they may sink to almost infinitesimal brevity when the spirituality of a person dying at a ripe old age, and at the close of a life which has legitimately fulfilled its purpose, is already far advanced. 
 These types of dances in the ethers don''t usually happen to a person , unless: 
 then women would be held properly responsible and accountable to assure that a therapeutic clone would not become a person . 
 A professional clown is a person who is a comical performer who entertains people by acting funny. 
 In his world, I''m about as outlandish as a person can get! 
 That was a person can link to a particular post and know the link will always point to that post. 
 The positioning of Mars when a person is born it is believed to be partly responsible for their possible personal power and optimism in life. 
 I had only been with the Insurance company 4 days as well !! So the advisor told us on average a person 
 Resources just like the just one a person talked about in this article are often very beneficial to me! 
 Umuntu Ngumuntu Ngabantu --------------------------------------- a person is a person through other people 
 How else can a person keep abreast of what the dark side is up to? 
 Any person who kidnaps a person 
 My own feeling is that a person needs to be ''pulled'' from a level approx. 0.5 above where they are right now. 
 If a person 
 If a person is allergic, it can send them to the hospital. 
 they tend to prescribe anti-depressants or psycho-active drugs  so they can shut down feeling centers and make a person feel more "human." 
 He showed that you could just about tell which of the 16 personality types a person had by asking them questions and looking at which portion of their brain lit up when connected to electrodes. 
 One has to revise the pension system in the country so that a person understands at their young age that their pension would depend on the number of children. 
 Description: I Purchased a reining horse in Dundurn SK Canada, and am trying to find a person that is coming down soon with room to haul an extra horse. 
 Wait was that a person ? 
 Anyway, such a person would generally not be fickle, in relationships. 
 While this may sound odd, I did not have a mentor within the College of Optometry, or even a person within the college I could lean on. 
 Unfortunately, blood sugar levels can be high without a person knowing anything is wrong. 
 Soon, a person came out from the red fog
 A person 
 A person with ADHD is like this juggler. 
 Taking into account that in cancer treatment, it is considered universally that a person with cancer is clinically cured
 a person is guilty of an offence if he uses threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour. 
 The sentence a person receives will generally depend on a calculation of the appropriate guideline level
 their clinical symptoms are to be identified as well as some of the auxiliary examinations are to be done on such a person [4]. 
 Specializing Creature does not help a person in most PVM situations (except in the level 40-60 spot). 
 Think of your future if you position yourself as a mutual fund expert – as a person with considerable knowledge of mutual funds  as a person who can suggest top performing MF schemes
 A person 
 Didn''t even seem that nice a person ; he''d certainly fought, and killed, nicer people. 
 Whenever a case study is assigned, it generally involves a particular firm, organization, group or a person as the central theme. 
 by Dr. Judith Mazza Contemplating a separation or dealing with divorce are among the most stressful events that a person can experience. 
 The gangr state of mind can be used to make a person stronger physically and spiritually, through training of both the body and the energy within. 
 "A number of Syncrude employees were thrilled and honoured to have a person of that national stature visiting them," Syncrude spokesman Alain Moore said. 
 When employees are uncomfortable working with a person from a different culture, help them appreciate how cultural differences can be used to build bridges with clients. 
 I am not attacking you as a person (which is the definition of an ad hominem attack) This is an observation based on your reactions to the arguments. 
 bans "[E]xpressions of hostility against a person or property because of a person''s race  color  ancestry  national origin  religion  ability  age  gender
 A Biblical covenant is made unchangeable and permanent by the death of the author just like a person '' s will is made permanent after the person dies. 
 Festinger explains that in order to alter a human being it is necessary to affect at least one of three aspects of a person : behavior, thought, or emotions. 
 "NFB describes blindness as a characteristic, not the definition of a person . 
 How low can a person go stealing something like that and think they are going to make a huge profit on someone else''s work... 
 When a person dies, the soul leaves the body. 
 If any person has acted the part of a mother, she has. . . . I have never seen a person in my life that had a greater desire to live than she had  and there was only one thing she desired to live for
 The Australian Death Notification Service provides a free national service to help you notify many organisations of a person passing away at the same time. 
 Accidents do happen and a person could be in a persistent vegetative state (PVS) and  without a clear direction from the patient
 The caller described seeing a person lying on the shore who appeared unresponsive. 
 a person is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies by descent only
 A person 
 Those persons should be treated the same as other persons, but cops need business, you know and will start in on a person with a criminal record. 
 Watching Bruno and watching the Matrix get a person thinking about entirely different things, but they come through the same medium. 
 When a person becomes open to your influence  such that she is engaged and actively considering what you have to say
 Yep, if it were a person , it would probably be struggling with its mid-life crisis. 
 An Oregon appeals court recently considered the personal injury claims of a person struck by a Domino''s® pizza delivery driver in Viado v. Domino''s Pizza, LLC. 
 It''s about what you bring as a person . 
 which features attract a person''s attention  which images a person views and for how long  and what reviews a person reads. 
 Is there anything specific one might look out for in a plugin''s source - if available - that would tell a person that the plugin it would build would be ANSI, Unicode, or Hybrid (a la BgWorker)? 
 Cheating for me is some thing really bad and I can say this as I was cheated from my ex-boyfriend and I know what a person feels when is cheated. 
 The sculpture is cast in heavy bronze with a small space at the feet of the reclining figure where a person can sit "uncomfortably " he said
 I some times forget that there''s a person in there, and not a living black hole that some early fan theories speculated. 
 you could acquire a dubious reputation of a person hiding their whereabouts. 
 If a person believed that depression and anxiety was caused
 Miraheze does not host wikis with the sole purpose to spread unsubstantiated insult, hate or rumours against a person or group of people 
 He couldn''t tell if the movement was a person or a deer, so he took a shot and killed it. 
 There are five types of diabetic coma a person with diabetes must be aware of 
 Two centuries ago, a person could be rich with no running water, electricity, or internet person. 
 Suppose a person who dislikes New York has enough money to purchase an atomic weapon and a delivery system. 
 A recent prostate cancer research states that a person 
 When the acne is the most prevalent where a person sweats (upper back, between the breasts, arms etc) then washing after exertion is critical. 
 If it is a person to whom we should demonstrate a great deal of respect or is a person of particularly high competence, seniority, or high breeding, we should use the term ขอบพระคุณ. 
 An adroit bureaucrat and a person of passionate heart, Shakti Sinha abandoned the Earth but only after relishing his life to the utmost potential 
 Peace and Non-Violence Youth Award: Awarded to a person 
 At this stage a person either ends up dwelling on their health issues (body preoccupation) or they accept their limitations. 
 When a person visits your website, you can reach out to them with a specific and individualized message or offer. 
 To a person who he would think about, but never talk about, in his own dark moments for years to come. 
 Write a person , not a gender, and your characters, male and female, will feel authentic. 
 You have the potential to forever impact a person , a cause, a community. 
 Lee also made a strong comment on Twitter against a person calling themselves "Rogue Academic." 
 If a person has a bootrom exploit like limera1n
 "That supreme self-love or self-preference which leads a person to direct his purposes to the advancement of his own interest  power  or happiness
 Alternatives such a colleague, preferably a person who had thought initiating or complicated parapneumonic pleural lesions. 
 Joel had the distinction in the first round of playing a person who played either once or twice (I know not which) in the "super-sad room." 
 If a person requests an absentee ballot, then that is their official ballot. 
 As regards technology, the broker should make available to you apps that are suitable for your mobile device if you are a person who is always on the go. 
 The fear which gripped his heart on the way to the camps was soon gone – he met people there who helped him mature as a person with established principles and views. 
 Today, a person 
 a person who is obsessed with something 
 – Section 188.120.1 – Violations: any individual or entity can commence a civil cause of action against a person , entity, etc 
 Let a person very helpless is actually
 How many people do you know whose attitude would change if you told them that a person had died in the chair which they were sitting in or the bed in which they slept? 
 you must to acquire excitement jackpot want a person exchange signal of have a great time on the web the web gambling house match onto your cell phone more hints easily just. 
 He is a person that can comfort and help in time of trouble, not just a force or power to move us along through life. 
 For a person to purposefully commit any act
 In the legends, the wounded Fisher King stands for no less a person than God Himself. 
 This aspect allows Living Trusts to provide lifetime property management even where a person becomes incapacitated which may avoid the need for the appointment of an Article 81 Guardianship by a Court. 
 Drink champagne and dance till the sun says hello at a party of a person you hadn''t seen for five years? 
 A person gets their heart set on a certain thing. 
 · A sponsor is a person (or entity) who controls the design, running, and funding of a study (eg an industry-funded clinical drug trial). 
 advantage  service  entertainment  the use of or access to property or facilities  and anything of benefit to a person whether or not it has any inherent or tangible value, purpose or attribute. 
 Enoch did not see a Person . 
 He is here specified as a prince and is referred to as a person in the command, "Neither give place to the devil" (4:27). 
 A person could have paid their landlord in Worgl Money, allowing them to stay in their apartment. 
 So we cant rule out that masturbation dont effect a person mentally andphysically. 
 at least in Nevada  we can start a probate years or decades after a person died. 
 MAN: Father, I''ve entered into an unholy relationship with a person who isn''t my wife. 
 the title is "Valet und Trostlied eine Sterbenden" ["A Farewell and Song of Comfort for a person who is dying." 
 Rose had a longer episode of delusions and hallucinations-what psychiatrists call psychosis  in which a person loses contact with reality. 
 In contrast to the doting dreams of the scholastics, we teach this: First a person must learn to know himself from the Law. 
 The Finnish Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers Association occasionally gives a Kosmoskyna [Cosmos Pen] award to a person who has benefited Finnish science fiction literature. 
 The Long Way To Simple - 50 Years of Ideas to Live, Love and Laugh as a Person with FASD by Stephen Neafcy 
 Most people have no fear of a person who goes around in red tights, sporting a cape and carrying a phony pitchfork. 
 Either God considers a person guilty, or He doesn''t. 
 a person explain why an advanced civilization that hopes to survive cannot allow everyone in who wants in
 The Court of Appeal framed the issue at the heart of the matter in this way: where a person gives notification of a claim under the Protocol but thereafter dies before its conclusion and... 
 I think it is pretty clear that Obama is a person with critical thinking skills. 
 I have no problem with Judaism or Islam or Christianity, but a person who adheres to one of those religions better respect my secularism. 
 a person has than how much wealth they have. 
 All a person has to say is their pet hyena, Gila monster, Norwegian rat, whatever is a "service animal" and they''re in the door. 
 I believe medicine would suit me as a person because I am reliable; self motivated, and determined to become a doctor. 
 and preferring fiscal discipline to infinite pork-barrelling identified a person as being on the left? 
 I think that it only takes an idea or two to change the way a person sees reality. 
 but I''m committed to inviting people into a "safe" place  which to me means a place where a person is accepted wherever they are, but never left there. 
 Because of the few statements she makes of her situation we know something will take place between her and a person named Chris and that it will end tragically. 
 or Len  or Amy  or any of the perfectly nice and normal people I know in this town that a person who is reading or dreaming alone in his or her room is not necessarily "brooding". 
 but to undermine them  including the Canadian common-law rule that a fetus only becomes a person in law at birth. 
 When He saved a person He would fail, as a Saviour, if He then lost them. 
 Under a system of private possession, the possession of a large amount of land would not make a person privileged. 
 The conduction swinging-flashlight is proctored in the system of a person present, which works the win ex boyfriend back with a cone and two days for making a ground. 
 Bladder stones are buildups of minerals in the bladder, which develop if a person does not empty his/her bladder completely after they urinate. 
 After preaching a sermon one day against the obstinate, who afterwards despair of pardon, a person came to me to make his confession  who narrated to me all my sins
 What moves a person to start writing fan fiction? 
 I only heard of a few instances of deleted accounts, when a person spammed  which did happen a lot
 When a person 
 I''m a new developer in MS platform  and I need to make a program that automatically make a copy of a file  every time that a person add a file to a specific folder. 
 LOGO GOES HERE who wants to make the logo they couldnt find a person 
 Think a person with tensions and a person without any tensions, Who will win the rise? 
 Therefore, Thou knowest not whence it cometh, or whither it goeth; for, although the Spirit should possess a person in thy presence at a particular time  it could not be seen how He entered into him  or how He went away again
 However, car accidents are scary and confusing and often leave a person uncertain as to what they should do. 
 But knowing this does not enable a person to know which new industries will succeed big time or which old ones will fade away. 
 The life expectancy of a person who reached age 80 was the nearly same hundreds of years ago as it is today. 
 If fact, it would be very easy to give up on all of humanity if all a person did was view the world through the lens of the international news. 
 a person with Hodgkin''s Lymphoma. 
 MyFreeWebhost is nothing new, just another LP powered site designed by a person that made tons of these in the past, which will likely be sold in 2 months to another owner. 
 Create a sense of ownership by giving authority Giving a person authority and responsibility over any act is energizing, even when the authority is over something very small. 
 Also, a person 
 The emphasis in education should be placed on such social disciplines that will help a person understand and analyze the political and economic processes taking place in society
 As such a person goes through life and  for whatever reasons  is overtaken by the world  the flesh
 Complications and consequences that can occur in a person after ventricular flutter and fibrillation may include: 
 In fact the headset is so much original and fetching, that I had even decided to visit Gorbushka market, pretending to be a person 
 Sometimes a person   forgetting the greatness of God  compares himself with people similar to him
 there is a predictable controversy about "whitewashing " when a white actor plays a part that could plausibly go to a person of color. 
 A person 
 Perchance if a person would actually make his way up front to pray
 I see the concept in 1 Cor 15:42-47 of a person 
 The notion of a person having fixed unchangeable characteristics and a predetermined fate began to be challenged in the 20th century. 
 They do not eclipse because of the death or birth of a person ." 
 a person in a public or private custodial setting which that person is not permitted to leave at will by order of any judicial
 • Take Action: Think Like a Person of Action and Act Like a Person of Thought Find the sweet spot of passion, purpose, and persistence. 
 A person 
 without reducing to practice the precepts which it inculcates  may be justly likened to a person who views in a looking-glass his natural countenance. 
 When we call to mind a person we think of as an enemy, our first step, according to Rosenberg, should be to identify some connection we hold with them. 
 When should a person retire? 
 a person . 
 Criminal - state or federal prosecutors bring a case against a person charged with a major crime, called a felony. 
 As fierce and mighty as this Dragon person is, he or she will respect a person who has the fortitude to stand up to him or her. 
 We cannot be sure whether the ''lady'' was a person or the church. 
 (d) A person who has been continually licensed under this article since 1987
 A person that you would give your life to save and for you, his, can''t simply be a friend. 
 In exchange for cutting hair or mowing a lawn a person receives a token symbol of exchange. 
 Q: Can a person other than the parties to the document present a document for registration? 
 Secondly, a person should be responsible for own thoughts and deeds . At that, the main thing for a person is to remain accountable for the previous thoughts and deeds. 
 Unless a person has been in a deep sleep for the last fifty years, they are already able to witness the hopelessness of the Nations. 
 Previously, digger derricks under this standard did not require upper controls when a person was placed in a pin-on platform. 
 if the salvific benefits of the cross can be applied to a person and then lost, then the cross is not sufficient. 
 A Person using it for the very first time won''t face lots of challenges. 
 An income based model could be used where a person pays a percentage of their income  e.g. 25% of their income (Jobseeker
 for example  a television or internet broadcast  could be transmitted directly to the unconscious mind of a person 
 And suppose a person didn''t work for the bailed out bank at the time? 
 This provides much material for humor as Robin has to learn not only how to live in a woman''s body, but how to live as a person who is a marginalized citizen and is essentially a servant for her husband. 
 p.156) but there is no ''criminal gene'' that is exclusively responsible for crimes a person commits. 
 When a person 
 Japanese rope tie or technique being used by a person in a martial arts context and restraining prisoners. 
 A person required to self-isolate at a West Auckland property remains on the run today. 
 a person with a disability or a person over 60 requiring a carer) (7% vs 29%). 
 You are not in the frame of mind to be held back by anything which is limiting, be that a person , a tradition or an opinion. 
 physical therapy and changing the way a person performs routine tasks to avoid aggravating the injured or stressed joint. 
 Treatment for a person 
 The most valuable work a person can do are spiritual service to God (worship)39 and to humans (good works).40 
 Career paths to a person born on the twenty eighth of January are easily chosen as you are usually very realistic about your own capabilities. 
 Mostly, after an endovascular procedure, a person needs additional treatment with irradiation or surgery. 
 When a person calls you his photo will be displayed near his name. 
 Say thanks to a person , Desire Upon. 
 If a person is found by the District Court to have committed a civil violation
 The court rejected the claim of a person   accused of carrying out unauthorised construction on a waqf property
 RE: DWLI (in Criminal) by ekquisenberry That time frame is statutory under TTC 521.025: (c) A person who violates this section commits an ...... TDCAA > TDCAA Community > Criminal 
 If a person may lose function of their hands, then choosing an AAC system that can only work by touching a screen may not make sense. 
 Imagine that the COVID virus is a person wearing a coat. 
 The user interface of this software is so simple that a person with basic technical skills can also make use of it. 
 Antonio Regalado reported on the device used by surgeons to keep an organ of a person recently passed away. 
 a person a purpose in life.. 
 Thus a person as a child would have a bright face  however if he becomes a sinful person  adamant on committing sins
 we can sometimes observe that certain choices that a person has made at some point in the past are now  in quite a profound sense  "no longer hers"; or  indeed
 Or even as a person . 
 My inspiration as always was my script, but if I had to pick a person who always inspires me musically especially when composing this kind of stuff  it would be Ligeti
 A tyrant in Greek mythology means a person who holds constitutional powers and a great politician. 
 Someone at the meeting talked about "five transgender people" surrounding a person gathering petition signatures and harassing them. 
 The film starts when a person 
 (3.) A person mentioned in Job 32:2 as founder of a clan to which Elihu belonged. 
 a person in only a few sentences, maybe that style/intent is too far-flung from what she seeks to accomplish in her own book. 
 If luxury were a person who would it be? 
 raises the spirits  and gives life and cheerfulness to a person when weak and depressed. 
 Since a person who commits self-murder (suicide) cannot then repent of this sin
 Specifically, he tries to get me to say something critical about a person or a race of people  or pressure me into agreeing with one of his nasty remarks
 Sick bay (naut.), an apartment in a vessel, used as the ship''s hospital. -- sick bed, the bed upon which a person lies sick. -- sick berth  an apartment for the sick in a ship of war. -- sick headache (med.)
 He said I seemed to have no disease but that he never knew a person able to be about with a pulse so slow as mine, which gave only about thirty beats [60] in a minute. 
 You are trying to look inside a person . 
 Defn: a person who undertook, or became responsible, for another; a Bail; a surety; a hostage. 
 Custom Belt Buckles to Remember a Person , Place or Thing 
 you have a right to have a patdown by a person of the same gender "as you are presenting." 
 Experts say that that best supplements to gain weight are those types that can help a person reach the target calorie intake everyday. 
 they need to find a person (natural or legal) within the EU who is willing to allow them to put their name and address on the Declaration. 
 For instance, if a person buys a hybrid car, they can feel secure that their car will be less likely to run out of gas. 
 Of course it is up to every country to decide at which age a person is no more a child. 
 He attacks her in terms of her Sex, he attacks her as a Person   he attacks her with erroneous and misleading information
 If a person has abnormally high expectations and will have an indifferent or negative reaction towards the work surroundings
 Zest is thought to bring out the best and most positive qualities in a person . 
 I have read much praise about Dr. Devroye, but not from a person who has actually had work Done by him. 
 a person or a trust. 
 As a person who regularly shoots an "issue" 1922, I consider them to be "serious" rifles. 
 If a person cannot attend a STAT examination due to medical reasons including requiring to care for someone
 Does a forbidden, imaginatory relationship give a person more spirituality then a real one? 
 A person getting by with that desk might occasionally need a meeting room space. 
 So,usinga2s milliremper the monthly limits and the year threshold for radon, the years fromnow, a person liv of Vogel Disposal Inc. But PEP calculates how much ing in house built on that disposaloptionsinthestate
 Sunny life flamingo is one such huge sized inflatable flamingo which is made in such a way that a person can comfortably sit on it and can float over the water. 
 And unfortunately, our society has increasingly accepted the notion of "illness" as an excuse for a person ''s perfectly voluntary misbehavior and abdication of responsibility. 
 When thinking of a person who epitomizes the corruption  debauchery  decadence  perversion  and vulgarity of Ancient Rome
 After all has everyone seen a baby with a football shaped head, of path not that turned into the creation of a person who sat down and began to discover the sector of drawing and it became something very funny. 
 The page is private, and the movement''s leaders have to accept a person into the group–not anyone can just click a "like" button and become a Soldier of Odin. 
 But Infineum said Smolenski was not a person of ordinary skill in the art because he had not worked in engine oil formulation
 Closing costs tend to be the last thing a person takes into account when buying a home. 
 Regulation 23 of the 2007 Regulations states, in summary, that a person commits an offence if  in breach of Article 36 of the EU regulation
 a person who is willing to listen to the details of a problem and customize a satisfactory solution. 
 which opened several offices across India  has cut staff by more than half  a person aware of the matter said on condition of anonymity. 
 "Artifact" is an article or relic; Warrior is a person 
 The only fault I can find with this book is that if a person were to travel in Mexico its hefty-size would make packing it along difficult
 I don''t even know why I bother having a discussion with a person who doesn''t apply any kind of rationality  intelligence or aptitude
 Hi, Yes, I know a person used a natural treatment to treat his psoriasis but he is using a different method. 
 In carpentry employment, a person works with the wood. 
 Or a person 
 And that is quite a cruel thing to do to a person . 
 You have no hold upon a person whose affections are without a tap-root. 
 Anyone who knows how to get through the web has the opportunity and the right of gathering information about a person or an establishment. 
 Requiring a person 
 a person books from your website or Facebook page it is all the same and updates everything across the database. 
 I wonder because usually if a person is crying they can hardly talk let alone sing. 
 It tells a lot about who she is as a person . 
 a person to live in community detention and around $40 000 for an asylum seeker to live in the community on a bridging visa.[ 
 (1) "Assessment" means a diagnostic evaluation to determine whether and to what extent a person is a drug offender under this article and would benefit from its provisions. 
 I believe that when a person asks what the Baha''i teachings are, we Baha''is should let them know what the teachings say, in addition to our opinions. 
 forgetting the emotional toll that a death threat will have on a person . 
 He won''t entertain things like cable elevators or shielded mains leads, as he said, there are limits a person will go to for an extra income! 
 It is a great victory, not least because she made no secret of her pro-life views or that she is a person of faith. 
 A person 
 In seeking incidence figures, it won''t work to just ask a person : "Did you become involved with a cult this year?" 
 Purchasing these welding machines has become easy and convenient for a person , as there are different online shopping portals from where you can get these welding machines easily. 
 Discussing Tanden, Lemon said, "It is really rich that Republicans suddenly think that mean tweets disqualify a person from serving in our government. 
 I tell you nobody should live the life we lead as children, it makes a person see life in a skewed manner. 
 But the idea of plopping down millions to live in a house where a person shot themselves is off-putting. 
 A Bicycle and Pedestrian Coordinator is a person on city staff who is dedicated to and focused on bicycle and pedestrian issues. 
 I can tell what a person is like  when i get to start talking with them  the sort of language they use  their terminology
 My favorite thing about Ravi though wasn''t that he was a person who created simply to create  but that he was a person who didn''t become discouraged by setbacks
 For example, a person may feel a sense of achievement and reward himself/herself by purchasing new clothes (or other tangible objects)
 a person 
 which consent may be given in the last will of the deceased  or by a person who has the right to control the disposition of the remains pursuant to Ch. 68.50 RCW or Ch. 68.64 RCW
 The voice synthesis and recognition features allow interactive conversation between a person and the robot. 
 entered a guilty plea for making written child pornography  counselling a person to commit a sexual assault, and possession of child pornography. 
 On July 7, I was the subject of a vicious and libelous article that was published on Seeking Alpha by a person named Richard Pearson. 
 There is almost a definable literary genre of autobiographical writings explaining why a person who once believed no longer does. 
 I can''t even imagine how a person can focus their attentions through an entire thirty-second advertisement for T-fucking-Mobile
 "Allah gives His verdict: if a person dies childless and leaves behind a sister 221 she shall get half of his inheritance: and if the sister dies childless
 This make a person feel trapped in this ''bad'' state, and can make them feel like ''bad'' people are simply bound to keep doing ''bad'' things. 
 A person who was elected to the Assembly in the last elections in our State spent Rs.25 crore. 
 Procrastination occurs when significant time elapses between when a person intends to perform an action and when they actually do it. 
 Sometimes after a person had made such a request
 A person undergoing a divorce (or for some time after the divorce) is more focused on their emotional/physical needs. 
 Do you hire a realtor based on their merits as a person , or as a representative of the brokerage they are employed by? 
 For example, false Christians typically think if a person claims to be a believer, they assume they are. 
 Any activities undertaken by a person or people–uncoordinated or working as a group in an organization or institution–to describe  represent  name
 a person 
 When Paul passed away, I was devasted in a manner that a person who idolized him but hardly knew him, would be. 
 He soon retired from the stage, and then became a person of no particular note in the world, displaying no more genius or talent than the average of those about him. 
 When a person looks at earthly treasure with greed, they fall in love and give their heart away. 
 A ship chandler is a person who exclusively deals in supplying for a shipping vessel its required commodities. 
 4That is, "If a person (or persons) is not being seized in spite of rebellion against Him in His Kingdom
 But it is one of those errors which, in the case of a person engaged [79] in scientific pursuits  do little harm
 I kept wondering if Nora was a person with Asperger syndrome. 
 The Blessed Sacrament had been exposed in a sunburst-style monstrance as tall as a person ; the monstrance rested on the throne above the high altar. 
 To a person who loves automobiles, spending an hour installing a new carburetor is an hour of pleasure. 
 such as the action of a player on the ball  or the action of a falling stone upon a person . 
 Certainly, a person would know himself if he was baptized, would he not? 
 * Privacy: If a person with a former historical personality has chosen to come back in another "ordinary" life to work on their issues
 Each day that a person 
 Unfortunately, since stomach upsets can be common and may not alert a person of an underlying disease, colon cancer is not easy to identify. 
 as pompous and egotistical  but his words belied that and it just goes to show how quickly we can misjudge a person when we don''t know the whole story. 
 We may have differences, and vital differences of what those differences may be, but all of us, to a person   to a man and to a woman  give our heart
 A person would have to create a pretty elaborate system to do that. 
 that''s fine  but any other construction that helped a person come to grips with the ideas contained in the work is also fine. 
 A person receives a radiation dose of 10 mGy. 
 Like a bulimic who believes they are overweight, a person who is genetically a man but thinks they are a woman are simply wrong. 
 To many, a person with dementia is a complex and misunderstood being
 But if you believe that life has a purpose beyond daily existence then I think a person also has to accept that there is a guiding hand somewhere out there in the universe. 
 Therefore, efforts to "quiz" or re-train a person may make them feel anxious and frustrated. 
 In many cases, though, a person can readily identify an event or trauma--such as being chased by a dog--that triggered the phobia. 
 Because children who are age seven and younger must be supervised by a person age 13 or older while in the library, individual accounts will not be issued to children under age 8. 
 It is precisely this, the centring of a person within a moral tragedy  that is found foremost in his books
 like everyone else  was aware that immigration authorities in Germany and elsewhere take note of the sponsor of a person who seeks asylum after having been granted a tourist visa. 
 The fact that a person parks in violation of any regulations and is not towed does not mean that the regulation is no longer in effect. 
 a person   or to place particular value on that person''s input. n69 To a lesser extent
 You''d be amazed at all the different ways a person can be deaf - just like there''s all the different ways a person can be hearing. 
 A person 
 I had designed her to be extremely well-speaking, and if a person ''s typing was too terrible, she would say so. 
 friends  community and  if he is a person of faith, to his god. 
 I told my friend they were cruel to concoct a person who has probably suffered enough and also deny them the right to purchase a product too. 
 The demon remains a person , and his community resents his death. 
 I forget how thick, but not enough to support a person . 
 Thus can we be profoundly like a person one minute, almost soul mates, and the next wonder if we''re even the same species. 
 the police might propose restricting him from reproduction or preventing him from adopting children. 3) For a person who is a social misfit or who doesn''t want to follow the laws
 So I wonder which it is that Wright denies--a specific model of the mind, or the capacity of a person to be thinkiing more things than they know they think? 
 I have an answer for a person who insists that the question means/implies chicken egg, but I''ve never gotten to use it: 
 So what is the obligation of a person 
 A person may be very accomplished by some standards  financially secure and yet
 Plato goes on to say that it is only when such a person comes to power that the citizens of the state will have the opportunity to step out of the cave and see the light. 
 a person is engaged in gossip and releases serotonin when a person is helping others or relaying genuine
 Now imagine something missing -- a person , perhaps. 
 Little seems to be known of him, except that he is reported to be a person of great determination and a fanatical Mussulman. 
 As a person who always wanted to buy a waterfront home, my life and my home purchases were geared towards that day. 
 When a person has understood that everything in the world is false  that every being is untrue – when this wisdom comes
 The brain stem of a person with autism also lacks the superior olive and has a smaller-thhan-normal facial nucleus. 
 There''s perhaps not a person 
 That is a good guide to the number of hours a person of little or no experience  and average ability
 As if on cue, a person came into the hall. 
 a person taking such a stand under the guise of "helping the Race". 
 A doctor who is called to a person thought to be dead has the following four main responsibilities: 
 The white marble mansion wasn''t that of an ordinary freighter and had everything a person could want. 
 should be sufficient to authorize a search; [FN84] so should possession of reliable information that a person sold drugs five months earlier
 The project owner, typically a person with decision-making authority, decides on which tasks go into each sprint. 
 What these words mean is that – we talked before about when a person is born and their sex is decided  they generally say  "Okay  if your sex is this
 The friend-of-a-friend network works here, too: the object that connects me to the foaf is a person –the friend we have in common. 
 You thought it wise to ask us what you should judge concerning a person who has falsely accused someone and later is revealed to be a false accuser. 
 J.C. Andrijeski describes Allie''s growth as a character, from a person in the dark about her own history, heritage to a person trying to find out what this seer-thing actually means to The Bridge, the person capable of destroying the world. 
 If a person dies before the 24 months the chair goes back to the seller for rehab. 
 This is the right that totalitarian sects seek to deprive a person of. 
 A conservation officer can direct a person to leave a reserved area if they are acting in an offensive manner
 Conversely, should Heaven remove resources from a person because he/she evades responsibilities, the resulting inabilities serve to reduce blame for continued evasion. 
 Exactly how serious you think Barclay''s transgressions in this regard are, what they say about him as a person , and how suitable you think they are for comic treatment, depend on how literally you take the holodeck. 
 The cost will be $20 a person . 
 "You can tell the interest of a person based on how long they can hold eye contact without looking over your shoulder. 
 a person . 
 a person 
 Rather than ill, they become a person who is extremely interesting. 
 In some cases you need a person with particular abilities-- let''s say a visuals developer-- and you need them asap. 
 When I found evidence by 100% accident, I found MORE than I ever imagined eventually....point is, a person who is suspicious of another, must have a reason.......unless they''re psychologically unwell. 
 This register records the views and wishes of a person in respect of the use of their major organs in the event they die. 
 After treating a person spiritually and psychologically  the ngangkari might treat the person''s physical problems as well
 As a kid I enjoyed his books yet I''ve rarely heard nice things said or written about him as a person – not that it''s a big deal  for most of us writers can be prickly
 If a Fixed Payment Notice has been served on a person and they wish to either pay or appeal the fine they can click here and follow the steps outlined. 
 If we have the Spirit of Christ, since it is a PERSON that is offered and not a philosophical injection, we ARE in communion with God. 
 You can''t find anywhere that baptism justifies a person . 
 So how much would a person have to be spending on groceries to make the trip to Mankato worthwhile? 
 Failure to comply with a Court or official orders A person who fails to comply with certain Court or official orders under the Act is liable to a fine not exceeding 200
 Furthermore, a person with herpes may not have ever had any symptoms and can pass this on without knowing. 
 Every story I heard felt like a takeaway, from a person 
 With adequate support and fostering, a person with Tourettes is quite capable of excelling at whatever field they choose to occupy. 
 A person who is entitled to notice under § 163.8(a) shall have a right to intervene in any such enforcement proceeding. 
 See a person from heart. 
 NAGA CITY (Bicol Standard)-- A person identified as the leader of Sta. 
 (This honour is not to defend prostitution, but to honour to pay tribute to a person whose whole life was dedicated to fighting for the dignity of people who are prostitutes.) 
 So, I was gifted a piece of "padauk" from a person who had purchased it several decades ago. 
 As a person with RA who is immunocompromised, I''m high-risk so I''m staying home. 
 The yh sometimes even makes a person 
 chances are you have more understanding than the average person about what comes from being in close proximity to a person with more than the odd psychotic behaviour. 
 deterring or preventing a person from engaging in competitive conduct in that or any other market...." 
 The Jets will be placing the franchise tag on defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson, a person familiar with the decision said Monday. 
 while Formwelt is a language-independent application that can be used to communicate in any language with a person of any nationality. 
 The appearance of the store has changed little and walking in immediately gives a person the feeling of "stepping back in time". 
 A person may be averse to exercising. 
 A person 
 and subsequently a significantly greater chance of a person present at the site suffering damage to hearing from the loud  often prolonged
 I speak as an informed, and deeply concerned, citizen; as a grumpy environmentalist fatoosted by my tribe; and as a person who has had a lifelong career in "communications." 
 Everyone else in the film is actually exactly what they appear to be, a person working in Willets Point, including Rob -- but it''s the casting of its 12-year-old star that anchors the film. 
 She also shared that social media is the most toxic and the fakest place as it judges a person on whether they have posted something and consider them not grieving if they had not. 
 If there is a person who I think is very sophisticated in this stuff, and runs in pretty dicey circles, that is the place where I would dig." 
 Many people who are reading this would completely relate to the moment when a person steps out to buy their preferred brand of alcohol
 The cochlear implant cannot give a person the opportunity to restore hearing, so a speech processor is placed on the outside. 
 a person injured?" 
 Recently,CRPF shot dead a person of ST community. 
 If a person doesn''t relate to the qualities of our Juno sign  even if we find them very attractive
 When the attributes of a person are incompatible with those of the Creator, he or she feels the Creator as concealed. 
 How can you say that giving a person begging for money is not really giving? 
 His party line is that people "want a person of faith to lead the country. 
 a person . 
 a person or in a premises to be searched
 Autism is a lifelong developmental disability that affects how a person communicates with, and relates to, other people. 
 *How people manage to link togeather the three seperate issues of my recent relationship break up, a person 
 With a defined benefit plan, it is possible to calculate in advance the pension a person will receive, for example, 2% per year of service, based on the individual''s best five years on average. 
 Cpl Kenyon denies all charges, including two of aiding and abetting a person to force two naked detainees to simulate a sex act. 
 Bill S-201 would prohibit service providers from demanding or requiring a person to disclose past results of genetic testing in order to exercise prejudice. 
 a person talking quietly, close to the ear. 
 Amendments were also made to ensure that information about a person 
 And besides, I figured with HBO, a person just can''t lose. 
 When a body''s physical form lacks stability, when the body itself is mysterious and strange, can it still be a person ? 
 As a person who works hard, takes life seriously, and is regimented. 
 "By strategically planning, a person affects his insurance" but it often not the cheapest quote. 
 A person may feel destined to a given bad outcome and have a greater sense of foreboding because of a certain family tendency. 
 If a person has a particularly bad reaction the area bitten may be sore or very itchy. 
 This minister was a person 
 That seems to me to be a very quick and very convenient identification, almost suspiciously so, but why would such a person be shooting at police rather than people marching? 
 Ask yourselves ''Am I in love with a person or simply this person''s image?'' 
 A person must not depart Australia for a foreign country where they have: 
 If a person is convicted of an offence against Parts 7.3 or 7.4 of the Criminal Code in relation to the PPLAct
 There is not such a person . 
 She was a person and having her hitched to a damn pony cart was embarrassing and wrong. 
 The thought illustrated in the parable is that of a person who cries to the Lord that injustice is being done – as with the Church at the present time. 
 Being a person of positive convictions  and fully consecrated to the Lord
 Normally a person or a month or week after you pay for the best rates will not affect your rates low in processing claims. 
 in which it is posed that a person can only know what is perceived by his or her own senses, and should make no extrapolations from that. 
 Somehow there is an assumption that because a person uses drugs that s/he is automatically an abuser of the drugs. 
 Come on Angie, if a person within a mile radius of you doesn''t feel the force that is you, then they really aren''t worthy. 
 Lay witnesses in Kentucky have been allowed to opine as to the speed of a moving vehicle, the age of a person and whether that person was intoxicated  the degree of physical suffering endured by another
 Spoken like a person who has not spent much time in combat. 
States that wagers made by a person in this state are assumed to have occurred within this state. 
 Shouldn''t a person have to get within, say, a foot or two before they smell the perfume/cologne? 
 It''s fine if a person decides to end their life, but it''s best that they make that decision knowingly. 
 Does it make sense for a person being innocent? 
 please be aware he is a kiddie fiddler from way back  and this has not helped him grow as a person ..... 
 I was what they call a "compounder", a person who created compounds to make aircraft tires better. 
 A person would not be able to identify this location today, as the tower, tracks, depot and bridge are gone. 
 When a person first comes into the Forex industry, he faces huge problems. 
 He noted that a person writing a cold check for a certain amount could be charged with a felony. 
 Such a person slaughters the vegetative  and even the still (inanimate) within  using water and salt  as it is written
 a person 
 In the desert, a person is still only conquering one''s own ego, not letting it burst out in order to receive for itself and against others. 
 While it can be easy to keep dinner simple, dessert can make a person weak in the knees. 
 they mentioned how much love they still had for each other  and songs like "Rollercoaster Baby" show the longing a person has for someone they truly love, even when the relationship feels so brittle. 
 A man who might pass over her profile with a knee-jerk "no" might feel differently if LW is a person he gets to know naturally. 
 Arnona with Avivi  Arieh with Hila  all of them people of high morality  attribute  which characterizes a person is never in conflict with himself. 
 Arresting someone, labeling a person a criminal, is itself a violent act. 
 A fingerprint is always unique and inseparable from a person . 
 As a person who builds applications in the social networking space
 "He told me sometimes, when a person dies and doesn''t have anyone to serve as pallbearers  the Knights of Columbus or American Legion sends some people out
 I know that I''m basically a good man, but I lack the chromosome in my DNA that allows a person to accept compliments with grace. 
 and provide a list of suggestions across our twelve domains of care; equally  when staff are supporting a person looking for help, we make sure that they consider this to help the person make decisions and take control of their life." 
 You also don''t want to shock the system of a person who is already suffering from exposure, so don''t have them drink anything that''s beyond warm. 
 However, if a person is unemployed or disabled, then their services are worth a look. 
 "He inspired me as a person , going through an awkward adolescence, as many people do... 
 I think the more important thing is what a person believes about God as savior of the world and how that person lives their life according to that belief. 
 A person usually needs up to 75 percent of manganese in their body to maintain a good health but before that
 and it may be that Ruby would function better as an only dog  with a person who can be home more to keep her in line. 
 If a person is desperately looking to vent his writing skills, he or she will not falter to read the entire story. 
 A person 
 A person this stupid should be in assisted only transportation with a helmet !!! 
 We didn''t have him long enough to really get a feel for him as a player, but as a person   there''s no doubting that Swanson was the type of guy that''ll add to his club even when he''s not between the chalk
 Of course we should prefer a person who is amiable and pleasant  if he is a teacher of any science
 According to the Constitutional amendments of 2019, to acquire Anguillian status by marriage a person 
 I don''t mean that I have to learn two OSs, but I do mean that my home environment should be a better reflection of me as a person . 
 A BMI of over 25 defined a person as overweight, and BMI of over 30 moved a person into class I obesity. 
 I''m a person who likes the guys that can put the ball in the stands with ease and Walker can definitely do that. 
 Last minute Nancy A person that exhibits passive aggressive behaviour may work to make a colleague''s life difficult on purpose. 
 On the other hand, you are willing to hire a person who holds skills that are specific top web writing as writing for websites requires a set of skills in itself. 
 "I like figuring out what triggers a person . 
 If the court imposes a punishment of imprisonment not exceeding three months, and if it does not appear that such a person has received the punishment of imprisonment previously
 sickness can deny a person the right to possess a firearm as guaranteed by the Second Amendment to the Constitution. 
 In exercising power under paragraph one; the competence officer shall express identification card to a person concerned. 
 "I''m a person of color. 
 It is not against the law for a person to utter vile and shameful things absent a true threat." 
 And love is not supposedly the master of a person . 
 She said, "If you''re not a person of color, then don''t speak on how a person of color should feel." 
 A person may not apply a pesticide resulting in damage to adjacent property." 
 The teeth on the stationary blade are going to be frighteningly sharp, and could certainly hurt a person that did not work safely, but It will not kick up the same dust, throw things back at you, or slowly make you deaf. 
 But if you give little for this, occasionally which is precisely what a person will get. 
 I have several degrees (not that I think this makes a person smart) both graduate and undergraduate in things my mother can''t pronounce  no really
 a person diagnosed with HIV? 
 When she covers herself, she is making herself a person , a simple slave of her Creator. 
 It means something about a person if they''re into delicate rings  big ol'' cocktail rings  stacking them  wearing a bunch on different fingers
 When a person in vulnerable circumstances contacts Services Australia in relation to a claim
 Pension bonus generally ceases to accrue under the DVA scheme when a person reaches 70 years (compared to 75 in the social security scheme). 
 Act reference: SSAct section 500Q(3) The assets value limit of a person who is a member ... 
 The transitional arrangements can apply if a person 
 A payment is not payable to a person if their rate would be nil
 She and her 8 year old son, Brent, have come in close contact with a person diagnosed with COVID-19 and are both required to self-isolate. 
 This provision also applies in reverse, in that a claim from a person who is clearly and obviously NOT qualified can be rejected without further assessment. 
 For ''severely handicapped'' children in the family home HCA was payable, free of an income test, to a person providing constant care and attention. 
 The question of negligence often arises if the Department fails to invite a person to claim a benefit. 
 It is a basic qualification (or claim) requirement for almost all pensions, allowances and benefits that a person must be an Australian resident. 
 If a person lodges a claim for an income support payment but dies before payment is granted
 and the town. . . . to the Trustees; and that  by their connivance  they were secreted in a manner and by a person at the time unknown to them. 
 local or private service agency that the office of community corrections has deemed appropriate for a person awaiting trial; provided  however
 (I guess nothing heals a person like the prospect of paying a hospital parking fee.) 
 Nothing rounds a person out like international travel. 
 It makes no sense to me that a person who loves a dog can''t connect the distress these other animals go through. 
 some researchers will argue that it is not necessarily a good idea to continue using hcg supplements or injections if a person 
 How are we supposed to react to a person like this – one who has flaunted impunity and threatened violence – talking about the corruption of others? 
 The system of vocational qualifications is designed for the assessment and certification of the competence of a person to carry out a specific job in real or/and simulated working conditions. 
 Its adverse effects, such as low moral integrity, mental stagnation, and intellectual degradation, on a person and the world around them..." 
 When a person finds a listing they are interested in
 (c) A person 
 Understanding how systems perceive a person is much easier, as that observation is usually calculated using out-of-context and numerical data. 
 A person can simply send a text message, photo, or video of the issue to the responsible party of the facility. 
 Each year they present a person or organization who has made a significant impact on the tourism industry with the Kansas Governor''s Tourism Award. 
 Although no libertarian believes it is proper for the State to deny a person their rights based on their sexuality  some  like my debate counterpart
 A PERSON 
 a person who has come to be tested  some end up getting frustrated and leave without being tested yet they have symptoms
 a person to the criminal justice system
 I would assert that a person 
 Never mind that when claiming asylum, a person without papers can legally cross at any place on the border whatsoever. 
 "As a person writing extensively about Turkish-American relations, I restrict myself a lot," he said in an interview with CNS. 
 When a person or company is convicted of acting illegally
 The writer claims to be a person of science who worked in a lab. 
 mobilisation function: as a rule, it is realised when a person needs to mobilise internal forces in order to overcome difficulties and fulfil his civic duty; 
 To Fu, the narratives that should be told are the ones that can be told well, beyond the tired trope of a person of color''s grandmother''s wisdom-worn hands. 
 "If it is a person , we don''t know who it might be," Grey said. 
 to understand how to perform a job search as a person without vision. 
 a person like u 
 Returning Officer: The Returning Officer could be a NSW Teachers Federation Organiser or a person agreed upon by the Association''s Executive. 
 "Hotels are not the biggest expenditure that a person makes on trips." 
 "It''s cheaper to purchase an RPA licence than to employ a person , and RPA can work 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year, whereas a human can''t," he notes. 
 Isolation–depriving people of human contact–is not necessary even if a person needs to temporarily be in their own room. 
 Such a person casts a long shadow over the rest of the force. 
 A person with warped self-perception may honestly believe themselves to be weak and incapable of functioning independently. 
 and "allowing attorneys and law enforcement officers to apply for emergency orders to prohibit a person who poses a substantial risk of injury to himself or others from purchasing  possessing or transporting a firearm
 In other cases, a person , lab, or department may decide to train its users as a best practice. 
 Moreover, showing that a person posted revenge porn with the intent to cause serious emotional distress may be difficult to prove. 
 a person 
 Japanese nationals A person residing in Japan A person working in Japan''s diplomatic establishment abroad 
 If their Shadow Home Secretary is so stupid as to invite such a person as Bennett a person 
 Why the confusion over names on petitions to prevent a person from receiving votes? 
 What these pictures show is a person 
 at least we might be able to stop other people embarking on the destructive road that is taken when a person starts to believe the cult of Q. 
 What he is doing is wholly unnatural and disturbing – and I say this as a person who spent seven years in the law-enforcement trenches before embarking on my writing career more than two decades ago. 
 People forget that the Constitution does not, in fact, say that black people are 3/5ths of a person . 
 fanatical. fa-nat-ic. noun. a person filled with excessive and single-minded zeal [google.com]. 
 an economic structure  it does not think  it does not do anything  it is a label and most definitely not a person . 
 All the Talking Point is for is to keep a person from seeing or talking about the truth. 
 Once a person is elected to the House of Commons
 More along the lines of if a person has 10k total battles then only 1k(10%) low-tier(1-5 or whatever) battles could count. 
 I would say that if a person represents a threat to society  the longer this person is behind bars
 If a person has been in a deficit for a long period of time
 I respect Gates as a business man but I wouldn''t pause to mourn his passing as a person . 
 we ran a scenario showing the difference in benefits between taking Social Security at 66 and 70 for a person who made $85,000 a year in salary. 
 Presumably it would also be open to a person to whom a solicitor owes a common law duty of care to sue the solicitor for negligence. 
 For Timothy, being a person of acknowledged faith will lead to personal hardship and the loss of status in public (2 Timothy 1.8-12). 
 Even though his experience as a person who formerly experienced homelessness is important
 They will assert that this whole conversation is misguided because the likelihood of a person with a disability having the understanding of the sport is highly unlikely. 
 a person with autism. 
 They can interpret dreams and access memories within a person , and right now Mimi is trying desperately to track own the sister of Bliss. 
 that place in life that where a person is open to receiving guidance and help, and achieving his dream. 
 a person of color or someone who won''t attack gay people. 
 permit a person 
 (d) received personally by a Minister or special adviser after having been first received and recorded by a person serving in the Northern Ireland Civil Service who is not a special adviser, or 
 (c) if the appropriate person does not live with R and it is practicable to give the information to a person within subsection (3) who lives with R, such a person. 
 And if a person is just flat dangerous enough to kick an armed man while he was handcuffed
 For example a person may be very critically thoughtful on issues pertaining to judicial ethics
 Glamor - this is how a person moves, picks up clothes, his personality. 
 This happens even when a person plans the trip properly. 
 the brusque dismissal of the rest of Pinker''s book  or his entire corpus of life''s work  or him as a person , coupled with the refusal to even read or consider a counter-argument, drastically lowered my opinion of Taleb. 
 a chemical substance and neurotransmitter found in the brain that has a direct effect on the intensity of pain that a person can withstand. 
 There''s a very important thing that every person determined to lose weight needs- a person who has walked a mile in their shoes, which is essentially what these support meetings provide. 
 Are you fated to a particular soulmate, a person who completes the person you want to be or should be – or is everything random
 A person way remains to combat this scenario. 
 A person who gets discouraged because problems come up that are not her fault. 
 Seo is really a approach that is certainly made use of to bring your webpage greater in the search benefits when a person uses google, yahoo or comparable to seek out a website on a particular topic. 
 For example, a person with a Texas ABLE account might earn $6,000 throughout the year beyond their personal expenses. 
 a person to respect the outcome of a match or other uncertain event on which a bet is made. 
 They were keen on Jesus as Lord of the bread, but hesitant about trusting him as a person . 
 and advance argument that is germane and substantive to the issues at hand  but we expect such a person to do so with a degree of honesty. 
 The most painful part about losing a job is experiencing when a person is already middle-aged and they... 
 The sexy part of a person is young. 
 Coming back to yoga, we notice that breathing exercises and bodily postures prepare a person for definite spiritual experiences. 
 The same applies to a person who qualifies in one European country and wishes to fly in another European country. 
 If man''s unity is not restored on the level of human nature, his unity as a person cannot be restored. 
 Spiritual growth in a person happens slowly, like the parable of the invisibly growing seeds. 
 Only after a person has cut off the first passion of willfulness will the Jesus prayer bear its worthy fruit. 
 a person who has lived so close to so many saints and holy elders of our times. 
 A person chooses to go into a theatre and that is their choice. 
 as found in the C-47 radio operator''s compartment  could possibly take on a slight air of complexity for a person unfamiliar with its operation. 
 Thus a person who knows God has an intimate personal relationship with Him. 
 Whether or not a person 
 Lastly we must note that not knowing the name of the mother of a person does not cause disrepute. 
 When a person who uses a large number of these products lies in the sun, he or she is more prone to burn. 
 The casual actions of a person today are often the criminal act of tomorrow. 
 This makes it an ideal time for a person training in Pilates, yoga, calisthenics or other methods using an exercise mat, to make their purchase. 
 How a person can line them up neatly and see the numbers and signs." 
 A person must not operate a sUAS carelessly or recklessly. 
 a person to be deported to Auschwitz
 That is the great thing about the Xperitus® Storage Set, the Boxes are designed to store whichever items that a person wants to place into them. 
 This will prompt you to juice, and you should feel better a person do. 
 Article 6: Eligibility In order to be a member of Parish Council, a person must meet the requirement of being a registered, confirmed, and active member of Saint Joseph Parish. 
 or better yet  with a third button to fix the problem so a person need not guess? 
 I sat there in this intense state of joy and peace at being a person 
 Is it because it is about a person who you have glorified, and feel embarrassed to print something contrary? 
 her co-workers were quoted as saying things like  "you think you know a person , but I guess everyone is capable of darkness." 
 As though dating or marrying a person of a race they deem more acceptable will nullify their own. 
 If a person already knows how to elevate their thoughts and think higher than the herd
 In simple terms, an annuity is a contact between a person and a company. 
 "Luck" we tacitly define as anything that causes a person ''s economic (or other) status to be better or worse than his personal merits or efforts would have earned for him. 
 Women on the Edge: Merilyn Simonds & Wayne Grady Readings from new works that explore how crisis can push a person to the margins, then further still into an unexpected life. 
 To me it is not surprising that ideas, thoughts, readings, that a person deal with all day long can show up in some form during a dream. 
 This number is often helpful to determine not simply whether or not a person qualifies to obtain a selected financial loan, but at the same time the actual rate for the loan. 
 7.1.4 Notwithstanding subsection 7.1.1 of this section, a person may purchase Antlerless Deer Tags for $10 each to kill or take additional antlerless deer during the open season. 
 Fill out the form below if you are interested in sponsoring offerings for a specific puja and dedicating the merit to a person , project or cause. 
 Sathya Sai Swarna Yuga is not the name of a person . 
 This varies considerably around the world and means a person may be HIV positive in Africa but hop on a plane and have the same test in Australia and be HIV negative! 
 as a way of both facilitating an increased level of health in a person and decreasing the burden on that system (Connor, 2005). 
 A Deputy Chairman who must be a person of unquestionable integrity. 
 A person either feels God''s love or doesn''t  he said  and "If I don''t feel it  how can I share it  bear witness to it
 Any property which is solely occupied by a person /s who are severely mentally impaired. 
 The experience was one of simply being aware without the identity of a person who is aware. 
 If the library does not subscribe to the journal OR if the person is a non-MSU user, a person 
 but in a person to be healed. 
 A person who was at 1H8 on the morning of the accident was interviewed. 
 To think that I hold a piece of paper that was once held by a person who fought at Waterloo!! 
 It''s an Australian specific word defined as: "a boisterous, often badly behaved young man. a person 
 While a person   such as an atheist  may consider him or herself intelligent and rational
 If you are a person who believes that the universe came into being by itself
 The Constitution provides for the right of a person who is charged to receive an expeditious trial; however
 Also, he can make a person forget up to five minutes of the present moment, though this is an ability he can only use once per person. 
 The bill of fare had been written originally in a faint ink and by a person whose handwriting was, to say the least, of an inferior grade. 
 tips on,...... well i suck, and anything you could tell me about the clans _______________ If a person is brave  they become great If the person is great
 Our team of experts understand that a set of treatment program will not absolutely address every recovery need of a person . 
 How can a person who sees himself this way possibly be proud? 
 August 15, 1804.-" Resolved, That T. Sculthorpe, being a person not perfect in body  but deformed and much below the common stature of man
 The dogma that God is a person means that we should so conduct ourselves in all things as if He were a person
 And a person would really have to have heard that cd to make any sense of this! 
 Age: The time a person has lived, usually counted in years. 
 allowing her to gain enough momentum to "lunge" towards her enemies via diamond object creation or fully crystallize a person or an object
 There is no other way for God to save a person except through the Holy Spirit. 
 Overall and most importantly, if you''re a person who isn''t all about greek life, needs a busy surrounding area, and small class sizes, URI isn''t for you. 
 A person adversely affected by an unlawful secondary employment provision may bring a personal grievance. 
 There could very well have been a person whom Jesus was based on as there were plenty of Messianic preachers at the time (such as Judas of Galilee
 The skills you gain and adventures you experience will not only enrich you as a person , but will also improve you career prospects when you return home. 
 The idea behind the debt relief grants system is the government helps a person pay off their debt so they can begin spending their money as they normally would. 
 How much time elapses for a person depends on how they travel through space (especially near the speed of light) as well as the gravitational field. 
 How much can you tell about a person by the music they enjoy? 
 We can say a person x is a celebrity when all the other n - 1 people know x but x does not know any of them. 
 It is evident that witnessing the latter over an indefinite period of time will either drive a person to insanity or cauterize the moral conscience. 
 In identical shoes you wear way it is really always a strong thing to move see your golf pro from a person to time as errors can creep into the game, it is a good idea to buy some books on selling or go on new training programs. 
 How much money does a person working in Burundi make? 
 A person working in Cagayan de Oro typically earns around 47,300 PHP per month. 
 I guess the point of the SYG law is to fix that problem -- but, can anyone find a single case where the facts were a person shot someone in self-defense and was convicted of a crime? 
 It can also be addictive, a huge time-suck and eventually grind a person down into millions of cynical bits. 
 Caesar asked a valid question: does whoever explains scripture, to a person having no clue about religion, introduce bias? 
 It''s not going to potentially develop into a person but it can become part of a person if transplanted in time. 
 if tested  there is very little that can be withheld when a person asks to see a file. 
 It is a misconception that sports becomes a hurdle for a person while studying. 
 Real-time replacement of a person "s 
 to recognise the enormous value in these ideas: Exodus 21-12: Capital Punishment ''Whoever strikes a person mortally shall be put to death.'' 
 Keep in mind, however, that acid content and the tannins from grapes also affect how a person perceives a particular wine. 
 A person working in Marketing in Afghanistan typically earns around 87,300 AFN per month. 
 How much money does a person working in Database Administration make in Burundi? 
 How much money does a person working in Database Administration make in Egypt? 
 How much money does a person working in Database Administration make in Brazil? 
 How much money does a person working in Care Giving and Child Care make in Gibraltar? 
 How much money does a person working in Dental make in Eritrea? 
 How much money does a person working in IT Security make in Madagascar? 
 How much money does a person working in Independent Jobs make in Kazakhstan? 
 How much money does a person working in Healthcare Technical make in Rwanda? 
 How much money does a person working in IT Administration make in Indonesia? 
 How much money does a person working in Gardening / Farming / Fishing make in Syria? 
 How much money does a person working in Business Planning make in Togo? 
 How much money does a person working in Marketing make in Macedonia? 
 How much money does a person working in Surgery make in Lebanon? 
 How much money does a person working in Other IT make in Maldives? 
 A person working as an IOS Developer in Austria typically earns around 4,060 EUR per month. 
 A person working as a Tax Advisor in Norway typically earns around 673,000 NOK per year. 
 The new order defines anyone who enters the West Bank illegally as an infiltrator, as well as " a person who is present in the area and does not lawfully hold a permit." 
 The college that a person will go to often influences his personality, views, and career. 
 They follow the idea of the "gospel" equivalent to its logical end, they say, " If you do not believe that once a person is saved he is always saved  then you have NEVER really trusted in Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior
 In intrinsic motivation, a person acts to achieve something  but not for any external reward  but to enjoy the process or take it as an opportunity
 Estate or Saloon - something with a big boot (needs to comfortably fit a person in) and preferably looks old, gold/brown/dark colours and bit rusty! 
 The new ergonomics of the pilot''s seat allows a person to sit comfortably at any height. 
 Who really cares if a person has personal drugs to use except for cops who are looking to further their careers. 
 Of such a person God could say "I will be his Father and he shall be my son" (1 Ch 22:10). 
 a person . 
 A "crack berry addict" is a person who spends far too much time checking and returning emails or text messages and doing so while in meetings  in bed
 I think of the fat Zerai guy who is completely helpless and very annoying, and of a person who does random improvements to the wiki. ;o ---Chaos?- (moo!) -- 14:05, 26 February 2010 (UTC) 
 Therefore, when saying "cat" (C), a person would also listen to the auditory stimulus "cat." 
 An argument with a person in your presence may not have it''s origin in either of you. 
 Usually, a person is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis between 20 and 30 minutes. 
 For me being a person that is not religious, this book is all about religion, but done in a very unusual way which I loved. 
 This is so fun to me because I know what achieving that long-held dream of hitting a best seller list can mean to a person . 
 Moreover, there is a custom that a shrine was built, in which a person who performed outstanding accomplishments before the person died was enshrined as Kami (Kami of person). 
 ugg boots uk Australia is a person of the most well-known and clearly cultured international locations of the world. 
 the causes being the underlying assumptions or prejudices that would lead a person to subscribe to such a world view and reach such conclusions about society and morality. 
 Justice Jenkins has worked to promote the spirit of ''California for All '' and  with this historic appointment of a person of color who would also be the first openly LGBTQ Justice on our Supreme Court
 or a person trapped in the magic spell cast by the very profitable adoption industry. 
 a person who has demonstrated an application of inappropriate force to kids." 
 Rights can be spoken of only on the condition that a person is thought as a person   that is  as an individual  or  in other words  as occupying a relation to other individuals
 • All courts shall respect a person of plain background to represent himself in all courts and simply directed throughout the process. 
 He said that when a person does not have a particular facility, like sight, he sharpens his other facilities and skills more intensely. 
 a person is working for this repository to create the deb package in Debian. 
 A person that wins Regongar''s respect should be wary of such an honor: this magus has no friends except for Octavia
 In Ancient Rome, the genius was the guiding or "tutelary" spirit of a person , or even of an entire gens. 
 An easement is the right afforded a person or company to make limited use of another''s real property. 
 The program steps for performing the above comparisons involve only known programming techniques, and a person skilled in the art would know readily how to provide these program steps given the above information. 
 Substage 3.1 assumes that the token PROBAT indicates the right boundary of a person name, and thus uses it to identify a person name. 
caring loving sweet person love to go beach singing dancing sometimes  i love musics and im here to find a person who really true in love
 Consequently, the body types Hourglass, Spoon, Ruler, and Cone identify not only how a person is genetically built, but also where on the body (region), the person will gain muscle easiest. 
 however)  and so that a person impacting the bed assembly along the sides thereof will impact a bolster 25. 
 For example, visible light camera 206 may be configured to generate images 210 of a person sneezing or coughing. 
 In this definition of the term stimulus is used widely for any event which influences a person  –for a word spoken to him  a look  a sentence which he reads  the air he breathes  etc.
 To send messages, a person can use two way wireless sets, typically strapped over the person''s back or held in the person''s hand. 
 There currently exists a nationwide paging system capable of paging a person anywhere in the United States without knowing where that person is located. 
 A person who takes charge of an adult incompetent''s estate is also called a Guardian. 
 Nicole Kopish is a person who is passionate about helping people, animals, and the earth. 
 The description in this application provides sufficient information for a person of ordinary skill in the art to implement a great many embodiments of the invention. 
 Therefore, if a person guesses which bit to write next  he has one chance in 15 of adding a credit unit
 For example, a person who desires a tough workout could head for a hilly path
 a person ; and 
 In rural Iowa in those days, there was very little, if anything, that could be offered to a person in Scout''s predicament. 
 The fashion sense or more precisely the clothes that are worn by a person are often considered to be the best way of depicting their personality. 
 Indeed, the mighty Allah is always impressed by a person who recites the Holy Quran daily or frequently. 
 A person may search WIU''s Total Knowledge Base, or they may search UCD''s Total Knowledge Base. 
 clear  and concise description of the subject matter defined by the claims which follow  and to enable such a person to appreciate and understand how to make and use the same. 
 For example, a person may be asked to look at a photograph of  or think of
 The trigger event can be presence or passing of a person , shopping cart, etc., through or near a vicinity of the predetermined location of interest being monitored 
 A person with ADD can either ask someone close to help them through the small steps needed in order to get rid of it
 No, the very best Apple ads have always evoked a sense of who you are as a person and who you want to be. 
 Using the bases What learning opportunities and what experiences can a person expect in order to be on first base? 
 Again, kohiwi is applied to a priest or a person whose body is sacred or tapu  or the shrine (waka  medium) of an atua  as denoting the mortal or earthly body
 If a person who lived here in the early eighties
 There is, after all, nothing more obnoxious than someone who thinks he''s special, and nothing more charming than a person who''s more interested in you than in having you know about him. 
 No matter how you gauge the mindset of a person who might do something unthinkable, were not in that persons mind, we dont know what have been the factors. 
 When a person approaches him 
 But can a person go on without relatives, without friends? 
 Score 42: "Being a person who excels
 In a situation where a person deliberately disregards a court''s documented order, s/he might not receive such leeway from the judge. 
 Just as President Weah is making a mockery of the fight against corruption by maintaining in position a person who stole citizenship at the head of the anti-corruption commission
 Described as being as ''solitary as an oyster'', Scrooge is illustrated as a person who is isolated in his own sphere. 
 A "provider" of such activities is defined as a person or government agency that promotes  offer
 a person who is the exact opposite, in many respects, of the false stereotypes they have propagated about her. 
 Monogamy A form of marriage in which there is only one spouse to each sex as distinguished from polygamy in which a person may have two or more spouses of the other sex. 
 85 "A belief in the exorcising power immanent in the leather puppets appears in their practice of making a person possessed by an evil spirit to sleep near the shadow-box for three or four nights
 Discuss the following in a brief essay: Can a person serve God well from his own strength? 
 they were primarily concerned with Jesus as a person who disrupted the peace which they were obligated to maintain. 
 Though be was in the mind and Purpose of God from the very beginning, and in that sense was "with God," he did not exist as a person until the "word was made flesh and dwelt among" the Jews 1900 years ago (John 1:14). 
 Any fair process of inquiry demands that when allegations are made or aspersions cast on a person , they have a reasonable opportunity to respond. 
 Fraud charges can taint the reputation of a person or a business for a long time after the formal criminal charges have been dealt with. 
 to satisfy every layer of who I am as a person that grew up in different cities. 
 Restraint of use of Royal Arms and State emblems: If a person , without due authority, uses in connection with any trade, business, calling or profession :- 
 pursuant to his Sentence at the Quarter Sessions  for extorting 5 s. from a Person upon Threats of swearing Sodomy against him. 
 who put him Apprentice to a Bookseller  where he was unfortunately taken Notice of for his smooth Face  by a Person now in very high Life  being possessed of Posts little less than 3000l. a Year
 You and I have experienced this often in life, where a person is so grieved and sad, that their whole body shakes with sorrow. 
 Since they bite at night, in bed will be the most likely place a person will be bitten. 
 ... and we know that some 20 years later no less a person than Mr. Bhutto took up the baby in his lap and by a constitutional amendment declared the Ahmadis non-Muslims. 
 Or a person would come and she would find herself impelled to say to them that they needed to go to Confession
 As a person with Down syndrome, Anna could do what no other Indonesian person with Down syndrome could do, namely read and write. 
 Public Chapter 932 Incapacity SB 1597 - HB 1651 Amends 28-1-106 to provide that if a person entitled to commence an action  at the time the cause of action accrued  lacks capacity
 Provides that a person charged with a violation of this law may  in lieu of appearance in court
 If there was a clinical requirement to see a person 
 It would be a depressing prospect if people voted for a person that looks most like them instead of actual policies. 
 Another can choose a self-love essay in which he or she can write about something they like about who they are as a person . 
 Through which a person could make their life better. 
 The charges include "willful violence by a person holding public authority." 
 What difference does it make to a person with a disability? 
 Argument A2a: Robby, on our assumptions, is a person without a soul. 
 The whole power of the art is that the painting of a canvas leaves the presence of a person with us, a more of the human being than is ever evident in the "creator." 
 However, look at the base of it, and we will see a person (rén, イ) and perhaps above that, a second person in an abbreviated form. 
 E. A person 
 B. Nothing in this Chapter shall prohibit a person 
 Maximum phonation time: The maximum amount of time a person can sustain phonation of "ah" is timed. 
 If you have a conflict with a person or message of someone
 He asked at the end, "What should I do, as a person who lives my life in the time called ''contemporary?'' 
 Like the summer garden, close up, Marquette, by threatening a person with an arrest for going to Mass, seems confused and disorganized. 
 However, a person 
 A person 
 A person 
 They convince a person that there are problems on their computer, and these problems can only be solved by installing the latest software. 
 In the past I had a bad finale side effect from hippy, so my doc is starting me on a very low dose of lexapro . YOU SEE A PERSON YOU ABSOLUTELY CAN''T STAND WALKING DOWN THE STREET. 
 The local area may be familiar but given some thought a person might be surprised by how much of his or her own land they haven''t yet seen. 
 Fasting was to encourage a person to respond positively to God''s commands. 
 The Japanese never developed the idea, so prevalent in South and West Asia as well as the West, that a person 
 ''Borrower'' means a person obtaining or desiring to obtain a mortgage loan. 
 a person can eat. 
 meaning the survival switch mechanisms regulating whether a person 
 Liability under the offence is incurred only where a person 
 A person with cutaneous anthrax may first experience a small  raised sore that resembles an insect bite
 Today we''re talking with a novelist who doesn''t just get described as "bestselling" and "prolific" – she''s a person whose name defines both, and at a scale that very few other writers approach. 
 (2) In the case of a person who  on 31st March  1974
 (5) If a person 
 in respect of each workers'' member  designate an organisation representative of trade unions of workers to nominate a person for appointment  and  in respect of each employers'' member
 a person 
 For example, an organization can easily argue that employing a person and giving it and/or its family income and a living is a contribution to the welfare of society. 
 As we extrapolate as a person and a planet the act of being noticed, recognized, so fame seems to be the main incentive. 
 the king''s mistress (who stipulated that she should receive a large share of the profits)  granted a patent to a person of the name of Wood, for the coinage of £108,000 in halfpence. 
 transformed and evolved to a place of renewed strength  motive and purpose  and sharing her growth of a person 
 irreversible  costly and burdensome  but as a shift in the way a person perceives the world  a state in which learning can and does still occur
 A week or so ago there was some back-and-forth on Jimbotalk during which a person who I believed to be my friend Greg Kohs was chirping back and forth with you and Jimmy Wales. 
 Give me an opportunity and as can be seen online I can talk about whatever a person is interested in discussing. 
 This type of knot would best suit a person with a short neck. 
 conception of freedom philosophically, puts it thus: a person or group enjoys freedom to the extent that... 
 As a result of betting $11, a person do well $10 if your primary crew''s ratings bed comforters all the range. 
 Bruce''s paid physicist/PR-man told Haldimand Council that 200 years from now, a person can stand in the presence of a spent fuel rod for 1 hour and receive the same dose of radiation as one gets from a CT scan. 
 I attended UVA for a total of 6 years....the first 4 were incredibly difficult for me as a person . i survived but it was bitter. 
 Have students research Ancient Greece and illustrate the daily life of a person in that time period. 
 and the book becomes less about these exact characters and more about what it means to be a person , our expectations and the stories we tell ourselves about our lives and the people we share our lives with. 
 UFABET How can a person better understand the particular phrase blackout? 
 A misrepresentation occurs when a person makes a false statement to induce someone into entering into a contract. 
 Type 2 is much more clearly initiated by dietary indiscretion in a person who might be, shall we say, at genetic risk. 
 In fact, the first three chapters of the book answer the question, What should a person do who simply wants to thank God for all God''s goodness and generosity? 
 The first rule is that a person following the diet should at least drink four glasses of water everyday. 
 Eventually, if a person is stressed and starts playing video games
 As accessible as a person can be after all that solitary confinement and those drug experiments, that is. 
 "It is unnecessary to inform you that a person 
 See, e.g., Fla. Stat. § 776.013(1) (2020) (" A person 
 She was able to see in a person where their passion lies and facilitate their path into that career choice. 
 but current diagnosis of the disease relies upon a person seeking advice from a clinician once symptoms have already developed. 
 A semi-vegetarian could be a person who usually eats vegetarian but occasionally eats meat  for instance
 Exposure to the ways in which a person varies in appearance is one mechanism by which adults and older children (≥6 years) learn new faces. 
 I look over at Amalie who has also just received her certificate, and I realize that there is already a person in the world who can corroborate my trip, because she knows the details of each one of my cherished Camino memories. 
 Look, right now police need probable cause to pull a person over on suspicion of drunk driving and detain a person until a BAC can be reasonably established. 
 The lifeline is most often one trusted friend, a person who arrives and leaves at the same time  who can make introductions
 Monte estimated it costs about $3.15 for a person to eat and survive every day in Managua. 
 Sometimes a person is just struggling internally and expressing it poorly. 
 a person to person basis. 
 A dā''ī is thus a person who invites people to understand Islam through a dialogical process
 Sometimes a person in anger says: "This person never does anything right, he is always making mistakes." 
 If a person is involved in their first lawsuit, they most likely want to file a lawsuit like many others have filed and won. 
 Making a title of "How good does the opportunity have be to kick a person out"? doesn''t address WHY it''s needed. 
 Psychological benefits of Yoga have brought revolutionary changes in the neurological or psychological problems of a person . 
 Is character more important than what a person self-identifies as through a religion? 
 A person facing the person from Jaipur is second to the right of the person from Pune. 
 For example a person might wear a pair of plano contacts if they want their blue eyes to appear green or brown. 
 Something that most professionals don''t have, a lurking and desperate internal drive to see a person achieve something so meaningful to them that words cannot describe it. 
 researchers led by Shalini Misra at Virginia Tech University found that if cell-phones were simply near a person while off, they could still detract from the quality of the interaction. 
 Set a purpose each day for how a lot of measures you will wish to walk and carry out not cease until a person hit that objective. 
 A person 
 Literally, a person 
 English Wikipedians decided to include mention of her on Wikipedia  but not by creating an article about her as a person . 
 Well, it is far more likely that the fetus is a person than that a bundle on the road is a person. 
 Left and right eye movement: Generally, if a person looks to the right while talking, it indicates that the person is creating or fabricating something. 
 And they range down to Sinfully Delicious Truffles [chuckles], one of our favorite customers, which is a person who makes truffles in her kitchen. 
 To get a person like that would cost you at least US $4,000 monthly gross salary. 
 Getting a good quality of heater is a must and a person can keep the interior temperature regulated at all times. 
 There is a limit on how much tax relief a person can receive on their pension contributions known as an annual allowance and which is presently set at £40
 For example, a person who has migraine with aura may experience loss of sight for short periods; tingling and numbness in the face  hands
 Work in a person centred way 6. 
 The author''s characterization and plot continually reinforce the message that if a person is "nice"  if he means well  is brave and loyal to his friends
 I believe such a person has not scrutinized the Writings, and Life, of Baha''u''llah with SUFFICIENT rigour! 
 Since the SSN is printed right on the card, however, it creates a vulnerability in which a person can be taken advantage of by financial exploitation. 
 We rely on our patients to tell us where they are hurting but a person with autism may not feel the pain of a serious injury or  if they do
 The study defines human trafficking as "a crime that involves forcing, coercing, or enticing a person to provide labor or engage in exchanging sex for something of value." 
 What more thoughtful Kit Kat omamori can you give a person than one that you personally made? 
 When a person is falling and the angular velocity is larger than a given value
 A person has to walk in and feel they can move in with their stuff. 
 I should be better than that) but a person called you out of fear and hope.....man. 
 Very few diet programs work for all people and a person must find the right way according to their own body. 
 In such a condition a person is vulnerable to any suggestions he may be given and will follow up on those suggestions. 
 Again, this is just my experience, but to many Blacks, it''s "selling out" when a person who has benefitted from Affirmative Action either denies having benefitted from it or denounces it altogether. 
 Franklin County sheriff''s deputies received a report of a person being held against their will in the 3700 block of Sunset Drive outside Pacific. 
 "If a person were a law-abiding citizen " the counselor told me citing the dubious wisdom of corrections
 A checking and evaluation is required by the New York state law before any sentencing is done When a person is intoxicated with alcohol  the odor of alcohol is found on the breath or skin  the eyes become red or glazed
 Daniel Heinrich, 52, of Annandale has been a person 
 a person . 
 a person , and so that any negatives the Seahawks might have to say, they''d be forced to say it to his face. 
 A person who pays the debt of another without a request
 A Guardian ad Litem is a person (qualified under Florida Statute 61.402)
 Life Estate: A life estate occurs when a person has a legal right to use and live in a property for his or her lifetime, but does not actually own the property. 
 If we had a heavier person or a person in not such good health  we might recommend the heavier belt until they were in better shape
 It turned out that being black in America put a lot of weird pressure on a person . 
 Dom as a person who has nothing against you mate
 which says that a person should approach life with the confidence that Hashem can and will help, unless other factors intervene. 
 There is now evidence that it can spread third hand – to someone from a person who caught it from another person. 
 Participant (P) is a person or individual involving in a speech event. 
 "Assumed name contributions" happens when a person asks someone else to make a contribution to a campaign and supplies the money to pay for it. 
 "Asking a person whether they''re a man or a woman is clearly an unforgivable lack of basic human rights, isn''t it? 
 There are times when a person may face an issue with their Aadhaar card. 
 You sense that the subway might not be the best place for a person in the throes of a panic experience. 
 Mate crime is when people with learning disabilities are ''befriended'' by predatory criminals who ''make friends'' with a person and then go on to abuse and/or exploit them instead, often taking over their homes and lives, known as ''cuckooing''. 
 When a person is undergoing fasting or calorie restriction
 I never knew him too well, just as a person , but ultimately it came down to it''s been eight years and this is a long term," Melvoin said. 
 A polyglot is operationalized here as a person who  after puberty  (a) acquired/learned at least six new languages (L2s)
 The article shows how reiterations of gender could be significant in sustaining subjectivity for a person with dementia. 
 It''s the kind of pesky thing that a person 
 which is largely based on the charisma and possibly reputation of a person combined with their ability to deliver the right message within the right sphere  at the right time
" but English adopted it from the French "moral " meaning "concerned with questions of right  wrong and ethics" or  of a person , "able to act in a right or wrong way." 
 then chances are you really should not wait but choose your sex talks a person favor and have some fun. 
 Judging from the reviews and extra-textual commentary, we could be looking at a How Should a Person Be? kind of discussion. 
 One day during the host chat they happened to be discussing when a person really becomes an adult. 
 If you are a person with a disability who requires a reasonable accommodation in order to participate in this program
 Applied to a person   especially a woman or child  "pretty" meant "attractive in appearance " and in relation to a thing or place
 Now, regardless of whether a person experiences her death, that death is not itself an experience. 
 It shows a building (Empire State Bldg?) for a Company vs. a body for a person . 8. 
 And some people are inspired not by a thing, but by a person who pays attention to them and provides them with the self-confidence that they can do the things they want to do. 
 in accordance with the manners of speech used by someone speaking straightforward  such a person would speak [using the tone] of someone who is speaking about something that he considers bad. 
 Whenever a person –hey, can you do this? 
 notably because in those cases the police were following a person on to private property after the driver had already committed an offence under the HTA. 
 Insofar as justification is relative to the evidence a person has  or should have  it seems possible for further evidence  either empirical or from intuition or rational insight
 It can be intuitively defined as the amount of mental work necessary for a person to complete a task over a given period of time. 
 In a similar way, when a person is getting into debt (especially credit card debt), it''s probably a pretty good time. 
 If a person 
 but the self-integration and identity views of integrity threaten to make the fanatic a paradigm case of a person of integrity. 
 but this article will usually treat them as interchangeable.) "Happiness" in this sense concerns what benefits a person , is good for her, makes her better off, serves her interests, or is desirable for her for her sake. 
 But there was one who knew his pain, A person treated with distain, His country was Samaria, Which gave the Jews hysteria. 
 According to Jordan, a person''s interest is merely "a desire or goal had by that person–something that a person cares about" (Jordan 2012, 62, n. 26; see also Jordan 2020, 83). 
 The body offers many clues to how a person really feels, and women are well-acquainted with the use of sending messages via her body language. 
 A person who loves me in the deepest way  who shows it to me all the time
 At will, interested folks will take a look here or sometimes browse the authorized how does a person get more information when it comes to renew sleep benefits. 
 a person , and cannot fully discover his true self. 
 a person at another time. 
 Yin Wen asks whether the king would still appoint such a person supposing that, on being insulted in public, he did not fight. 
 If a person is vaccinated with ANY LIVE VIRUS able to exhibit virus latency
 applied to a person , "in fine health" ("Two months after the robot attacked him, Bob was right as rain again"). 
 Over the course of the last year or so, I''ve gone from being a person who owned a drill but reserved it for someone else''s use to having 4 batteries in obsessive rotation at all times. 
 Whenever you encounter a person you encounter a distinct living organism having occupying the same region and having the same thoughts. 
 This idea has led to the common view that what makes a bias implicit is that a person is unwilling or unable to report it. 
 Unseasonable weather might cause a person who has moved to a light hut in summer to unexpectedly feel cold. 
 BrokerCheck tells you instantly whether a person or firm is registered  as required by law  to sell securities (stocks  bonds  mutual funds and more)
 A person that says  "I don''t see any way to prove there is a God " will have to face up (or
 A person using a walking path along the pond reported seeing oil on the water and oiled birds nearby late Friday afternoon. 
 Expert groups (2-4 people), ones that include a person knowledgeable in the use of the Internet, may be created. 
 but if I understand your argument here  Mr. Chazelle  you''re saying that  if we don''t view a fetus as a person then we have no compelling reason to condemn abortion
 My entire premise is that it does not matter if a person is socio or empath. 
 Well first I don''t see you as a person with TDS. 
 After explaining how the brain functions normally to help a person focus attention, use language, and employ memory, Levine discusses various problems that might arise in these areas. 
 There were so many things a person could do with an extra hour or two of sleep–other than sleep. 
 a person ?s life and such inactivity would be expected rather among the 70 years and older group. 
 An Athlete is a person who uses their body at a much higher intensity than the average person to accomplish their goals. 
 Essential facilities claims almost always fail, precisely because they offend the basic principle that a person or company is entitled to use its own property as it sees fit. 
 By Owen Meredith, author of "The Wanderer," "Clytemnestra," etc. This is a pleasing poem, by a person who is already not unknown to the public. 
 for instance  a person and his relationship with his spiritual nature. 
 a person didnt lose his property! 
 If I get bored with someone or a person doesn''t want anything to do with me, I just stop talking to them and find new people to manipulate. 
 You need another consultation to compare with what you have been told--soimeone who cares enough for you as a person to fully explain this to you. 
 For a person who alleged that the Christians took "two contradictory accounts  added in additional details found in neither one
 If the real estate exempt under this paragraph by gift to a person related to the donor by blood  marriage
 your an idiot  and you read TotallySpies31''s stroy  when it warned you about sex then flamed him! you suck! a person who now hates you, animeguys4me 
 When a patient calls, they hear an automated message where the first option is to press a digit to speak with a person . 
 A person 
 A person may well decide, before becoming incompetent, that for her such an extension of life would not be worth living. 
 Laurence Thomas offers an account of how a society in which there is a general lack of trust that others will not harm a person can make a person come to cultivate indifference to harming others, if not worse (1996). 
 In a moral climate, a person is more likely to have this other-regarding sentiment
 There is a reason why killing of a person is classified into different categories and punished accordingly. 
 I became a contact, a connection – a person of no current value, but perhaps someone to watch. 
 I''m not sure that Ukan is interested in the "quality" of a person and therefore doesn''t agonize about the loss because as the saying goes, there''s a sucker born every minute. 
 The Italian word is thought to be a blend of "caput" (head) with "riggio" (hedgehog), describing a person whose hair was standing on end, like a hedgehog''s, from fright or surprise. 
 Gartner approached this same question and explained it, "The point is that any murderer, in killing a person   where the crime is not one of passion  enters upon a critical period as he climbs the ladder of motivation  temptation
 A person 
 High levels of cortisol can make a person behave very unusually and could have a particularly marked impact on a growing individual. 
 When the loss of vision becomes severe enough for a person to notice, the damage is so great that little can be done. 
 Case study is the closest scientists get to measuring all the activities a person 
 The notion of these as features of a person 
 A person recounting their dreams is a commonplace activity. 
 Even after the movie hit theaters, I talked to a person who had seen it....his opinion of it was "Kick Ass! 
 What kind of entity is a person , exactly?–are the subject of ongoing debate.[ 
 If you con $1,000 from a person you just took their rent. 
 A person may do all this, and yet be wholly unconverted. 
 When such a person becomes an "accuser of the brethren"
 "Suspect" means a person suspected of having caused a victim''s death. 
 The answer is that baptism is for a person who had already accepted Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior. 
 As we''ve seen at least once before, evidence that a person 
 If You Want A Person Who Just Would Like To Hook Up
 Could not deny a person a hug when explicitly asked, and when he is right in front of me. 
 When a person enters into an encounter, he begins to dialogue, and dialogue means not simply hearing but listening. 
 At the mid-average to lower stages a person is increasingly ruled by the compulsions of their type. 
 The release of this chemical provides feelings of joy and causes reinforcement so that a person is motivated to repeat the action that caused the release of said neurotransmitter. 
 sexual confusion and sadness can do to a person at the end of life. 
 The ''soul'' is that part of a person which will experience the afterlife -- by the time a person realizes that their own soul Does exist -- it will be too late to change their mind. 
 so the person do not stop to breathe under that drug  but it will sleep like a person in anesthesia. 
 For example, a person who likes Chinese food may go to a restaurant and search the electronic menus. 
 a person who is harmful to other humans. 
 The public road bridge crossed over the publicly owned river running through the public land, so that is where a person would therefore drive to put his kayak in the river. 
 Would it not be only the simplest knowledge that would prevent a person from falling for that trick? 
 I think that a person is able to have few disorders, but one is higher when others (main disorder). 
 It affected nearly seven percent of the superhero community and a person could develop it at any time. 
 Its condition is the sleeping life of silent consciousness when a person has no desires and beholds no dreams. 
 A non-exclusive CLA, on the other hand, is a licence agreement where you grant (more or less limited) rights to a person 
 and some believed that an inappropriate video ad in December 2020  in which a person 
 The deal would allow Intel to focus on its remaining memory business, Optane, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters. 
 How many times have you asked a person 
 Some may see pride behind the firm position of my lips, others may see that I am a person who is always looking  looking deep into another''s face  another''s actions  always analyzing  thinking
 Rav Nahman said: A person who knows how to answer the minim as Rav Idi, let him answer, and if not, let him not answer. 
 To treat a person with such prejudice 
 otherwise we''d see these kinds of monstrous outliers all the time when a person started juicing. 
 Hyperacusis, one of the most vulnerable diseases, refers to a critical condition when a person can''t tolerate normal sound. 
 a person 
 A magnetic resonance imaging technologist, also often referred to as an MRI technologist, is a person who operates a magnetic imaging machine and works in conjunction with a radiologist. 
 Coupled with the amounts of caffeine often found in foods, a person might be at risk for caffeine intoxication. 
 A person who goes over and beyond what a volunteer does and would rather sit in the back of the room and not be recognized at all
 I''ve been coveting these exact tights for about six months...they look even better on a person than on the internet (z optional). :) Pictures like these make me wish I had access to internet buying. 
 If a person breaches criminal law, they''re subject to criminal prosecution by the state. 
 Baltimore County Fire Department spokeswoman Elise Armacost said a person was taken to Bayview Hospital after spilling the acid. 
 A person in my state of health should not have such miseries to bear. 
 One of the romantic sayings is that a person has found his/her mate who "completes them and makes them happy." 
 Does the unlawful use of power of office to effect process that damages a person   such as said use by (above named officer)
 It would suit a person wishing to extend their period of training (UK year 6 or equivalent)
 a person . 
 Then, they select a person they''d like to talk to and click the "i" and click on the Free Call button that appears on the information page. 
 even in cases where permission is expressly given by a person facing a terminal illness. 
 A great way to help a person or an animal in need is to donate a car you do not use anymore to charity. 
 in the most exceptional circumstances  be appropriate to apply it to a person who has been previously cautioned. 
 a person can do  so no one wants to feel less than or beneath someone else because of how they''re spoken to
 I believe that the fundamental courtesy of acknowledging somebody else''s research is an obligation when a person uses it in their own work
 One featuring a person being choked was also removed, and in 2016, they took down a painting with nudity. 
 ADE happens when a person generates antibodies in response to a vaccine, but these antibodies end up hurting instead of helping. 
 Despite the lack of cure, a well-rounded treatment plan can help a person with Parkinson''s cope better with the symptoms and live a more productive life. 
 Colorectal surgical-site infection (Colon SSI): An infection (usually bacteria) that occurs after a person has colorectal surgery that occurs at the body site where the surgery took place. 
 a person resident in another Member State
 Sleep disturbances - a person can sleep too much or experience insomnia 
 For example, if a person values goodness over all other values in existence
 Stopping a 300-pound piece of moving metal and plastic with a person 
 Luck determines the genes a person endsup with and it also determines the environment a person is placed in. 
 A person there left because of that clause and one of your local businesses lost $20
 C.R. (1961) On Becoming A Person : A therapist''s view of psychotherapy London, Constable Standal, S. (1954) The Need for Positive Regard. 
 Bio-Bubble is safe but it is only natural that a person still has doubts. 
 Retaliation means any adverse action taken against a person 
 The consequence is that any interaction a person affected has with the police, whether or not at a protest, is likely to flag up that the person is a subject of interest. 
 Employers mast find buck ground of a person 
 In the eyes of lawyers and journalists, Theresa was a person from their own world, a woman whom any one of them might have hoped to marry. 
 Working together allows you to control this situation and helps your child achieve more as a person . 
 It can be spread for up to 10 days BEFORE a person tests positive. 
 It is very important for a person to have negotiating ability if he is going to sell his home by himself. 
 If a person is chronically dehydrated and presents with headaches and constipation
 Abandonment Anxiety--Abandonment anxiety occurs when a person feels like they are not only being rejected, but outright forgotten about. 
 If a person goes to the bathroom and something big happens during that time, they have to return to the bathroom. 
 (3) Benefits received by a director from a person 
 What happens when a person does not pay a civil debt? 
 it is unlikely that Colby was prepared to gamble his own future  and perhaps that of the Survey  on a person whose abilities were untested. 
 a person 
 1. purchased the property from a person 
 Delivering it to a person personally, encompasses handing the Summons personally into the physical possession of the intended recipient. 
 A hostile environment can be full of triggers for a person trying to recover from addiction, which may result in relapse and further dangerous behavior. 
 If a person is lying on snow or ice it is safe to use an AED as both are not good conductors. 
 For example, if we take profile A – a person who always votes for the same party
 I have never, ever said that a person ~can''t~ conceive a boy with a quick turnaround, just that it''s not going to be your best chances. 
 a person recover faster. 
 That measure, approved on a 36-21 vote, says a person 
 even though he admits her presence is nerve-wracking: "She''s an absolute sweetheart of a person and I was honored to have been in a heat with her," said Powers. 
 ーI want to know how many cups of coffee a person 
 These muscles allow the body to lift the foot during the swing phase of walking, thus preventing a person from truly tripping over his own foot. 
 Thus a person with third rank can get promoted to Chief Secretary ahead of a person with thirty-third rank
 In the world now, most people base on out look to judge a person health  wealth & knowledge
 a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism, or ... publishes or communicates any such information." 
 And to anyone who''s even been exposed to a person with NPD, these tendencies will sound all too familiar. 
 HHS-designate Xavier Becerra  is similarly a person of color). 
 Shouldn''t this be considered in judging the guilt/innocense of a person ? 
 to have more sleep  to have more time with Peter again  to know what Eva will be like as a person 
 But it is a person that absolutely no one suspects. 
 Meno asks Socrates how a person can look for something when he has no idea what it is. 
 No one''s ever really treated me just as a person . 
 So why wouldn''t a person with private insurance be encouraged to get care there? 
 As well as using the "look a person directly in the eye" experiment to see if the pupil dialates. 
 a person with whom the offender is involved or has been involved in a dating relationship
 This paper presents the development of a millimeter wave system to conduct 3D body measurements of a person without the need for him to remove his clothes. 
 A person who acts in a monotonous routine manner, without active intelligence. 
 To forgive, in other words, is not to excuse, and a person who wrongs another must still be held to account, which brings us back to Mr. Smith and his hate mail. 
 For that office Allah chose whom He would, perhaps a person of no learning or position or significance in human eyes
 All you know how to do is generalize and assume what a person should or should not know when retarded f a g g o t s like you are simply pathetic gutter no-value having people. 
 regardless of parental nationality and irrespective of any act of Congress  a citizen... such a person is a natural born citizen. 
 RS-117 is shown with a symbol of a person lowering a boat into the water. 
 A spouse (husband/wife) is a person married to and living with a householder. 
 A person sentenced to outlawry lost all protection under the law and was thus open to attack by robbers and assassins of any sort. 
 a person to pick that gun up people kill people not the gun. 
 For example, consider a person or committee member will want committee members sign the approval form
 A powerful Alarm App for iPhones as it can really shape you as a person in the right direction with all the features that are available. 
 a person with a diseased brain, but this does not affect my identity as a person). 
 Sixtoo was opening for us and he was hella cool as a person and did a nice set including visuals and some live MPC work.... 
 Or a person skates by in school because they do not create the time or have the energy because it all goes to athletics. 
 It is impossible for a person with a fully intact ego, which is what everyone starts out with, to do other than value and pursue things egotistically. 
 it''s because of calcium deficiency that a person backbone is weakened  no matter how u try to strenghten your backbone  it''s due to the food we''re taking  thats right
 Sports make you look at the world from a different perspective, respecting a person for his performance and not because of his social or economic status. 
 by whatever requirements the State sets forward  and for a local school district or a local school to hire a person who does not meet those qualifications for a variety of reasons. 
 Employers may threaten to fire a person unless treated; a spouse may threaten to leave the relationship, or the court may offer treatment in lieu of prison. 
 If a person reported a multiple ancestry such as "German Danish
 Regarding a person who does not call him a polytheist  he should also not be called a polytheist
 When replying to a specific comment from a person , use the "reply" function to make sense of your comment and avoid confusion. 
 Michael Andrew Quesenberry was arrested last fall after he allegedly used pepper spray on a person without provocation. 
 a person 
 There was a time when a person 
 These persons are then free to move about the country with their guns, and, as such, a person 
 You have a person aiming a firearm at somebody. 
 which proposes an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to make eligible for the office of the President a person who has been the United States citizen for 20 years. 
 I appear here not on behalf of the judiciary of the State of Minnesota, but as a person who as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. 
 They believe that a person truly fleeing for his life would ask for protection in the first safe country in which he arrived. 
 I know of no law that a person 
 But a person 
 I would say that for a person who is probably the most popular woman in history  and the most photographed
 A sense of integrity, or the lack of it, shines through all the dissociative fragments of a person . 
 Once a person is on the defensive, it''s much harder to listen honestly to feedback. 
 An adult is defined as a person at least 18 years of age or an emancipated minor (coded ''y'' in the Emancipation Minor field). 
 One is about healing a person with a disability, the other is about getting rid of a person with a disability. 
 It is one thing when a person is learning how to do a task, or if a person is overwhelmed with work. 
 There have been recorded instances where a person with dementia no longer remembers that they smoke if their access to cigarettes is gradually reduced over a time. 
 a person in their contact list''. 
 The behaviour of a person with a possessive personality has very little to do with feelings of love. 
 I think she needs to see a doctor because her behavior is the same as a person with Borderline Personality Disorder. 
 Hyperventilation can occur when a person is unexpectedly immersed in the water. 
 It is interesting that this article never mentioned that President Trump followed a person who sought to fundamentally transform America. 
 The term ritual defamation was coined by Laird Wilcox to describe the destruction of the reputation of a person by unfair, wrongful, or malicious speech or publication. 
 Yet a person who holds the two positions that I find so idiotic would have an account of their thinking that would sound good to them. 
 DATING TWO WOMEN AT EXACTLY THE SAME TIME: TIPS AND ADVICE A person comes into the world to overcome. 
 including a mandate to use reasonable procedures to ensure that information about a person is accurate. 
 by calling on the Printers hereof you will be directed to a person who will not only repeat what is there said  to your face  but still harder
 a person also perspires. 
 as may be the taking away a 7th part of the blood to diminish a 4th of the strength in a person where perhaps half the vessels were impervious. 
 @MessyBottom you are obviously some bitter old queen attacking artist when you stay for a person who killed a mother and got away with it because of her black privilege. 
 There was definitely a time where I would internalise feedback and feel like it was an attack on my values or who I was as a person . 
 That business might well have involved an element of conservation, but this was ancillary to the man, to his yob image, a person made wealthy on the fate and good deal of harassing, to use PETA''s term, deadly members of the animal kingdom. 
" stressing that she is a person with disability and moves on a wheelchair." 
 Although the latter is a fine policeman, the Council has been arguing that a person of similar rank should have succeeded Superintendent Lynch. 
 (k) A person who loiters in or about a police station  police headquarters building  county jail  hospital  court building
 The state''s presumed parent law has a not-uncommon provision that permits a person to be treated as a presumed parent (a rebuttable status) when if "he  jointly with the mother
 But unless a person has done the actual experiment one never truly knows. 
 A person 
 As it currently stands, a person 
 So for a person like this what color would it turn back too, the light brown or the original blond? 
 God only wants a person to accept his sinfulness in humility and contrition. 
 You belong to them you''re their machine they don''t see you as a person you''re a product... ? good luck Meg Better stop buying those coats and save up to buy that contract back 
 To be fully human... to live to our best potential... is to commit to living in a way that opens us more, as a person and as a species, to that vision of the Kingdom of God. 
 pleasant smells  or the appearance of youth  the pretense that one is a particular person (other than oneself)  a person with whom one''s target has decided to have sex, resonates more with the sort of violation that characterizes rape. 
 "The fact that a person is mortal shouldn''t darken the days of our, alas, fleeting life. 
 The main benefit is the appreciation and spiritual satisfaction a person will get from seeing a tomato plant (for example) grow  ripening slowly
 particularly bakers who have experience with an oven  nothing goes exactly as planned whenever a person bakes. 
 or personality types  representing which of the two poles in each of the four dichotomies dominates in a person , thus defining 16 different personality types. 
 A person with that name also heads the republic of Altai''s Argut environmental foundation that has won a $70
 Drug plans can treat these medications differently, which will have an impact on how much a person must pay out-of-pocket. 
 no single document can prove beyond all possible doubt that a person 
 To someone who knows a person who does crochet, or one who is doing crochet herself (or himself! haha!). 
 It is the opinion you have of yourself and your value as a person , self confidence is also a factor. 
 Later in the evening, Kendrick and I met up with Michael, Nadine, and Jerry at the birthday party of a person whom I did not know, but who very graciously invited my husband and I to join the festivities. 
 If a person has underdeveloped muscles  is inexperienced or has not had proper instruction
 Such a person in fact believes Him to exist in Parts. 
 Columbia Asia Hospital Hebbal (A unit of Manipal Hospitals) Covid 19 has a substantial impact on the immune system of a person . 
 Scarce had I [Emilia] gone up the best stairs, when I heard a noise, like a person throwing down a vast coal in the middle of the fore kitchen, and all the splinters seemed to fly about from it. 
 Could a person 
 Should it be a medical person or a person with years of experience living with diabetes? 
 but one can safely maintain the notion that outside influence plays a larger role in the behavior of a person . 
 At first glace for a person of the Western world, this explanation may sound more like fantasy than medical fact. 
 D. "Identification card" means a solicitor''s identification card issued to a person 
 If a person came to the meeting with an open mind and really listened
 According to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, a person is defined as homebound if they are, "normally unable to leave home unassisted. 
 And again we see this reversion to the "sociopaths" bit, from a person 
 a person entry to God''s domain. 
 @Eric Wright: Well, Google News is in beta so little bugs can be expected, but when would a person need to use quotes around their custom sections? 
 President Trump might find that he can begin to turn around his reputation as a person who doesn''t care about the truth by becoming a truth-teller. 
 Shielded, concealed, and effectively hidden from view by a person standing at ground level on an abutting site  or outside the area  screened by a fence  wall  hedge  berm
 She said Obama''s election shows that Americans can "look at a person for being a person." 
 The "noob" example is a recent short-hand method of describing a person . 
 The Jews expected the Messiah as a great and powerful Prince; but they never thought of a person coming in that character enrobed with all the attributes of Godhead. 
 "EMS dispatcher" means a person 
 Besides, as a Torah-observant Israelite Elisha was expressly forbidden from touching a person 
 If it''s something a person says frequently or you''re paraphrasing a general and repeated message you can use present tense. 
 leading her to call police after she received a phone calls from a person offering to buy her baby. 
 It is also nothing like an "outdoor education prison alternative," a person can leave if they want. 
 (a) Intentional use of, or threat to use, force to obstruct a person he or she knows  or should reasonably know
 Said more plainly: a Prius is always gonna feel like a minivan to a person imagining solar panel-powered flying vehicles guided by 5G fully-automated pilots. 
 The sweet-voiced Betina Hershey–or Scooch if you prefer–sounds just about as joyful as a person can be while writing and singing what''s on her mind. 
 Why cannot a person lodge a legitimate excuse? 
 A Temne authority (ib. p. 93) maintains that "Spider was a person " in old times, and did not look the same as he does in these days, "he done turn odder kind of thing now." 
 He seems to have felt that Louis Napoleon, like a child-murderer, was a person far beneath caricature–a creature only fit to be destroyed and hurried out of sight and thought forever. 
 Observing allows a person to live in the now Lopez said. 
 Investor Stream: It is for a person 
 Would you like to celebrate the amazing work being done by our PLC by nominating a person or group? 
 Nor had she ever dreamed that a person could be so nearly perfect in every particular. 
 A person who was poor or suffering losses was living an unchristian life and god was punishing him. 
 "I''m a person that really likes people''s stories," Laska says. 
 Also, I think it''s handy to remember that a mixture of feelings can co-exist in a person   so while I may feel that I did not get the support that I wanted to while breastfeeding
 If the bishops wanted to be true bishops and to attend to the church and the gospel, then a person might–for the sake of love and unity but not out of necessity–give them leave to ordain and confirm us and our preachers
 Police said a person involved in the incident had left the scene with a young child before police arrived. 
 The praenōmen was written out in full only when it was used by itself or when it belonged to a person in one of the lower classes of society. 
 With the paper ballot, officials have physical evidence of how a person voted, and they can be counted in a recount. 
 That means, if a person is not near peak infection – but is still contagious – the tests may come back negative. 
 their office received a call from an Oneida County resident indicating that she had seen a person and vehicle matching the description of Hall driving in Rhinelander. 
 The reference has come to symbolize a situation where a person plugs leaking holes while ignoring the overall problem. 
 sised the importance of care for the child as a person , not just as an "object of concern" (Justice Butler-Sloss, 1988, p. 245). 
 We would condemn a person that treats a (pet) cat the same way we routinely treat horses in racing or other animals in zoos
 It really tells a lot about me as a person . 
 It would be the equivalent of myself, a person of no particular religious background or faith  telling Catholics that Priests love to touch little boys and that
 but tagging someone''s house is "treating" a person in a disrespectful way. potentially a lot of people. and disrespect begets increased disrespect. 
 For a person viewing data on August 1, 2021, that forecast given on July 1 for July 4, is a historical forecast. 
 Some even say that any money that a person puts in cryptocurrencies
 and finally Antony Hooper subjected the next-to-last draft to the microscopic examination of a person well acquainted with the ethnographic situation. 
 I know a person who was learning to play an electric guitar (he was a restaurant owner
 which features Cool dip  where a person can dive in from the cliffs above. 
 While a person on a bicycle isn''t as likely to kill a fellow citizen while violating the rules
 He stayed focus, and always was a person that  if you had a problem  you called him
 Once a person becomes a member
 Again, a relation of origin cannot constitute a Person if it signifies in common  but it must signify something proper and determinate
 But I do not know what makes a person "worthy" of being President. 
 This is a major problem since the latter, unlike cannabis, will almost certainly destroy a person , and a heroin addiction makes nicotine look like a slight temptation in comparison. 
 Level of education, aptitude, and vocational functioning a person has following an injury is abbreviated on the VDARE as the RFC (Residual Functioning Capacity). 
 A. Notwithstanding any other provision of County Code to the contrary, a person may use a rifle other than a muzzle loading rifle to hunt deer during the regular hunting season only as follows: 
 What if a person plays Wii tennis? 
 The only difference is whether a person likes that toy or not
 but as a person 
 Possession of a few grams of marijuana or some other "controlled substance" renders a person unable to legally possess any type of firearm
 But to leave the sentence undisturbed would be an injustice to a person who, though guilty in this instance, is not what most people would, or should, think of as a criminal. 
 She said a person with a high body-fat percentage can be at risk even "if what you weigh is fine," not if you are "only mildly overweight." 
 "I-I''m a person wh-who snu-snuck in he-here" "Well," I said half to myself, half to him, "That''s enough explaining for me" "Really? 
 Witness subpoena commands the appearance of a person . 
 Notification is also required if a notifiable infection or disease has caused or contributed to the death of a person – even if the condition has already been notified. 
 "Apparently, it''s not unusual for a person to go back to relive the crime," she explains. 
 A person cannot be consumed with real hatred and think rationally. 
 A jury awards nominal damages when it believes that a person has suffered a rights violation in the abstract, but without suffering any concrete harm. 
 First, such a person is not immediately covered by the Equality Act 2010
 Getting a back again rub through an expert is surely an extraordinary method of spoil a person . 
 A person of that era was expected to speak several languages  play a musical instrument  write poetry  and so on
 The Cause of All Causes brings about the many circumstances and pretexts that bring a person to those places where his personal mission in life is to be acted out. 
 If you are a person with a disability who needs any accommodation in order to participate in this proceeding  you are entitled
 Maybe G.K. Chesterton said it best in his book, Orthodoxy, as he described the mindset and life of a person shaped by todayâ€TMs secular, schizophrenic culture: 
 To me, calling a person "Mr. Unethical" is judgmental. 
 tapping on a person in place of the animal. 
 A person I met at neighborhood gathering in early December this year asked me how my store was doing, in Skokie, Illinois. 
 Just yesterday I saw a FB post by a person (WS) who is a horse rescuer and had always appeared to be compassionate toward all animals. 
 Dated this 30 day of April 2015 Annie Mae Murphy Clerk of the Circuit Court By: Marti Lee, DC Deputy Clerk IF YOU ARE A PERSON WITH A DISABILITY AND YOU NEED ANY ACCOMMODATION IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROCEEDING YOU ARE ENTITLED
 I am a person of high energy  who is slowing down
 Creative therapies are used to further the emotional, mental, physical, spiritual, and social integration of a person . 
 It is not a crime for a person with arrest warrants out to possess a firearm. 
 The general rule is that a person has the right to prevent unlawful arrest and that, in doing so, he may use only the amount of force that is necessary. 
 mixing in the freewheeling style we''ve come to love  while also grounding it in a person who truly wants to provide for his family, even if he goes about it is some of the worst ways possible. 
 852; United States v. Hill  776 F.3d 243  249 (4th Cir. 2015) (citing Knights and Samson and determining that a person 
 Further, cell phones allow a person to access a wide variety of personal data stored with third party Internet service providers ("ISP")
 In the New Testament the word "promise" means that a person is "professing something true" or making "a proclamation of intent". 
 The corollary to this is traditionally a person who has mastered comedy is well suited for practically any genre of entertainment. 
 Do you believe a person can divorce their mate and marry again with God''s approval? yes___ no___ If yes, please explain. 
 Or, if a person of a particular religion or cultural background violates some code of conduct
 Citing a person familiar with the F.B.I. probe
 A person who has no means to feed self and family is not likely to be worried about integrity. 
 Of course, obedient faith for a person cannot be justified "by faith only" (James 2:24). 
 James adds that a person doesn''t have to be a massage therapist to help his or her significant other fall asleep. 
 Once a person has been opened up to become a channel for Reiki
 So here we find a person who existed when earth was created. 
 By the same principle, then, a person in peril of being consumed by a black hole need only apply this formula and attain the yielded speed to escape oblivion. 
 If a person should gaze at a yoni while ritually bathing, his life becomes fruitful. 
 normally mens HAWKER - a person 
 Also known as PC Plod PLOWMAN - farmer PLOWWRIGHT - a person 
 If you look at every single one of the verses where these words are used, only one verse says a practice that makes a person an abomination. 
 When the brain dies a person is truly dead. 
 We introduced the idea and methodology for facilitating a person to self-model their own metaphors using David Grove''s Clean Language, a process we call Symbolic Modelling. 
 On occasion, a person becomes famous only after writing an autobiography as happened with Frank McCourt when he wrote Angela''s Ashes. 
 How can a person fall in love so fast? 
 This disk enables the flowing of spirit within life bringing in truth and clarity while bringing a person in harmony with compassionate awareness and mindfulness. 
 with striking imagery and structure; Robert Lowell said the poems appeared to have been written by ''''hardly a person at all ... but one of those super-real, hypnotic, great classical heroines.'''' 
 Afterwards, a person who did not pay Allah''s right on his property will come  and his property will say to him
 a person connected with that child in respect of a serious offence against the child (or any person connected with the child)
 GREAT SINS ARE PLENTIFUL [SEVENTY TWO ARE LISTED BELOW] 1- To kill a person without a just cause. 2- Fornication and adultery. 3- Sodomy. 4- To drink wine and all kinds of alcoholic beverages. 
 This is why dogs can tell when a person likes dogs and also when a person is afraid of them. 
 For example, even if the intention of a person going on hajj is to earn money or bring cheap goods from there, it cannot be termed shirk. 
 Question: In the Shafi''i Madhhab, it is haram for a person who has qada salats to perform sunnat or nafila salats. 
 Question: What steps should a person who cannot wake up for Salat al-Fajr follow? 
 A person can not have more than one place of residence at the same time. 
 It can give a person 
 I was taught to forget about counting numbers and reading labels  but that''s not something a person with type 1 diabetes can do; mental math will always be an everyday reality for the person with diabetes! 
 4. flank: Literally, the side of a person or animal. 
 They are clearly connected matters; reliance is what a person does on the faith of some matter and detriment is usually the result: they are very closely connected. 
 But if a person ever hears the Real voice of God one time they know the difference between the voice of God and the other voices
 She summarised her opinion in these words: "as a general principle, if a person would not have wanted ANTI to keep her alive
 It would be highly unfortunate, as well as unprincipled, if such a person   when joined as an intervener or as a respondent only for convenience  were to find that
 a person suffering from disabilities and who was unable to fend for himself. 
 She was always cryptic about them, she only told a person what she thought they needed to know, but besides La Rosa there had never been one that involved Serena. 
 and be the object of admiration and irritation  but without being in any sense a person . 
 (4) For the purposes of subsection (2), matters relating to a person in respect of whom the reporting direction is made include– 
 in contrast to Miss Markham  he submits that reference in paragraph 43 to a person 
 No hesitation, no selfish thoughts about what''s in it for me, she is that kind of a person . 
 Rated: NC 17+ Summary: bon vivant bon-vee-VONT, noun: A person with refined and sociable tastes, especially one who enjoys find food and drink. 
 THE FOUR-LAYER SEPARATION CREATED IN THE BODY DURING ABUSE When a person undergoes repeated, full-fledged abusive episodes, a four-layer personality develops. 
 But ''Kaepernick'' is one hell of a name for a person of color ? 
 Cracked sternum usually results from car accidents, when a person bangs his or her chest against the steering wheel or the dashboard. 
 Other factors to take note, to name a few: Incoming and Outgoing Gua reading of a person , Main door direction and Annual Affliction. 
 When a person 
 It is certainly possible, though, sometimes to hate a person 
 For example, a person is getting 80% but is given 100% for a period of time after a surgery until it has been diagnosed as cured, such as cancer. 
 Comment: Well, scientists have established that when a person dies they immediately lose weight and that weight equates to a tremendous amount of electrical power... 
 a person of respect. 
 Temptation is not something we can escape, it is essential to the growth of a person . 
 Definition of foreign student: A person who does not have Austrian citizenship. 
 Becky was a person who made even the bad things count for Christ. 
 You see a person , a nice guy usually, someone we like, someone who helps us. 
 And the opposite would be true of a person in terms of vice; their character is such that they naturally and without struggle do what is cruel  destructive
 Emilio''s stomach will make noises similar to when a person gets diahreah (sp), and he will refuse to eat until it has stopped. 
 A person can add experiences but can never give you a sense of fulfillment. 
 No two biographers, when confronted with the same body of evidence about a person , will reach the same set of conclusions. 
 This means that a person suffering from mental disorders usually becomes maladaptive and abnormally rigid. 
 One thing to note about her overall style is that it truly reflects her as a person –bright and welcoming. 
 a sobering expression would quickly come over his face as he learned about a very difficult situation a person is having. 
 The amount a person can produce reflects a combination of his own labor and the resource he has to work with. 
 Jay Stanley, a senior policy analyst with the ACLU, also mentioned a case where a person posted a picture of his illegal marijuana growing operation, only to be reported to the police by a social media friend. 
 However, in the case of a person working on a "waiver" this requirement may be waived if all of the following conditions are met. 
 Social: Even though a person practices meditation individually, what is learned is that everything is connected. 
 why would wanting to eat proper meat make a person a "lame-brain" as you put it? 
 Also, there are a number of risk factors that if present might trigger panic disorder in a person , and those usually include anxiety in childhood and the presence of panic attacks in other family members. 
 even while a person sleep. 
 A person may also allot a few minutes every day for stating positive affirmations. 
 With Telos healing, five programmed stones of your choice are used and placed on and around a person . 
 When a person 
 In English, you must use a person with the verb. 
 Insulting a person is a personal attack and malicious by definition. 
 For me, it says "they''re taking it/him to us"; I''d understand that they will take something or a person to where we will be. 
 You said Serena told you that a person couldn''t see herself when she time traveled." 
 Three out of five traditional shamans surveyed on the island of Tonga disagreed with my position, and said that a person will die in a few days without beetle nuts. 
 B. The potential for a person with a title to receive a new title. 
 If drugs were all legal and regulatred - I might well sample harder drugs - It does not change me as a person - just how society views me. 
 A Twente statement read: "There has been an attempted fraud when a forged mandate, giving a person the authority to act on our behalf, surfaced. 
 it is typical that kind of music that only works when attached to a special scene  like when a person dies in a movie or game. 
 If a person 
 (Holding a copy of the book could be a piece of evidence in a case charging that a person was a danger to children. 
 Ever wonder why a person 
 Even in the very depths of being in love, the SO can still tick a person off. 
 A guideline by prosecution services outlines a number of examples of coercion, including isolating a person   monitoring their phones  depriving them of access to support services  threatening family members
 that someone looked at your efforts to get their charity status revoked and suggested that such a person might do harm to the "cause" if present at their events (perhaps by honestly reporting dubious activities
 When you think about the fact that a person can work for over two decades to build their life and valuable work in a country  as I have in America  then lazy
 By assigning moral values to the type of work a person performs we can justify low wages for what we call menial labor and defend inequality in a society. 
 By this I mean the general perception of Bush as a person . 
 A person 
 You have no right ttime tell a person of god I don''t like you''re teaching. 
 A lumberjack is a person who cuts down trees. 
 What would a person who pretends to be devoted to God act like? 
 a person of ordinary intelligence would not be able to distinguish which types of activities or behaviors are illegal. 
 Everyone I talked to that night – to a person – said that a roundabout was not the best solution to this particular intersection
 Up to this point, we''ve only had to visualize a person and their immediate ancestors (parents  grandparents and on up
 P2: When adding children to a Person p, it is unknown what marriage that child is from if "p hasChild: c with: (nil)". 
 Sacrifice always meant giving up something that is most loving thing for a person . 
 it''s topic to a number of pressure  to not mention publicity to body fluids  lubricants and other substances that a person would possibly rub on for one reason or another. 
 Most medical researchers do not support the idea that the gel contains any kind of poison that would be harmful to a person . 
 a wandering medieval samurai who finds a modern-day cell phone on the ground and a person on the other end asking questions about the past
 That aborted baby was a person because God says it''s a person, no matter what mom or the government said or thought. 
 unless your under 18 then its for the inexperieneced. and a person 
 A person who has realized God perfectly has nothing left to realize. 
 When a person 
 If a person has a vaccine and becomes unconscious or has a high fever with inconsolable crying  bowel changes
 Because this isn''t a thing, it''s a person . 
 The same formula can work for any change a person desires to make. 
 Financial hardship occurs where a person is unable to pay rates without affecting their ability to meet their basic living needs
 Thus God was teaching His people that the more responsibility a person had when they committed sin, then the more costly the sacrifice was for removing that sin. 
 Dean''s heard enough stories to know that once a demon gets inside a person that person is never coming back. 
 CQ, a theory popularized by management experts and organizational psychologists, pertains to the capability of a person to function effectively in situations characterized by cultural diversity (Ang et al, 2006; Earley & Ang, 2003). 
 A person with Williams Syndrome is biologically capable of having children
 Most importantly, the movie artistically represented how as-isness occurs when a person seemingly alone with what the non-spiritually inclined write off as ethereal
 It is the opposite problem of the Birth Certificate that proves that such a person exists (existed!) but not that it is me. 
 A few evenings ago, a meeting was held for this purpose in New York, by a person from Missouri, said to have recommendations from the Governor and a member of the legislature. 
 In fact, God''s sense of humor is so pervasive that there is not a person who is totally devoid of it. 
 a person 
 Help others, not because of the glory you as a person or a church may receive, but because you are called to do it. 
 A person is employed, pays wages, pays insurance, pays... 
 c law : to commit battery against (someone) : to offensively touch or use force on ( a person 
 "with one simple word of promise a person creates an island of certainty in a sea of uncertainty." 
 (a) A person is competent to act as juror if he is: 
 families  and healthcare providers discover the spiritual meaning in the challenges and experiences a person faces when seriously or terminally ill. 
 3– Rashness (Tahawwur): a person with this habit has a quick-temper. 
 It does not admit of an exception as to a transaction by a person who has been employed for compensation to sell stock. 
 Got any idea how high the flight deck of a person 
 It is by private property, the idea that a person can own capital, that a person can exploit another individual, whose only crime was not being a possessor of capital. 
 In the first, speaking to a person undefined, I tell how I was aroused from a vain phantasy by certain ladies, and how I pro- mised them to tell what it was. 
 The complex of mental and ethical traits marking and often individualizing a person , group or nation ... moral excellence and firmness. 
 A person who possesses great public speaking skills is able to achieve a lot in life. 
 A person may be female at birth, but have a male gender identity, may call themself a transgender man or ''trans man''. 
 a person who tries secretly to obtain information for one country in the territory of another usually unfriendly country 
 Regalia is the exact opposite: It tells who a person is. 
 Such a person 
 The Court held that Boardfirst''s activities did run afoul of Texas Penal Code Section 33.02(a), which prohibits a person from "knowingly accessing a computer
 He states that photography cannot be public in its essence, especially when it concerns a person . 
 Ben Lerner''s Leaving the Atocha Station or Sheila Heti''s How Should a Person Be?–where steady work is hard to come by  and affectlessness
 a person is logically necessary to believing that it is a woman. 
 And I think the outdoor experience help women realize their strengths because the skills we learn help you grow as a person and those skills have application in their everyday lives. 
 Have you spent not even 3 minutes with a person , and couldn''t find the exit door fast enough, wanting to run?!? 
 In New York, a person who received a life sentence was legally dead. 
 Like removing a person from a totally enclosed cell, the light is very painful. 
 The tax is levied upon the business of practicing law, rather than upon a person because he is an attorney at law. 
 (1964) 61 Cal.2d 331, 334 [38 Cal.Rptr. 625, 392 P.2d 385], we noted that "it is settled [law] that a person 
 Of course, historical miniatures systems aren''t always huge runaway best-sellers, certainly nothing a person can make a living from. 
 a person in need they are able to help," said Corless. 
 Moreover, a person out there for fun only also has avenues to play all the popular sports like cricket  football  rugby
 An obedient student can be a person of good manners. 
 I have read somewhere that the inside of one''s lips is the color that would best suit a person when searching for a nude lipstick. 
 If a person is suicidal or starving themselves  they''re not really a danger to society
 A person could never be saved from the preceding shallow video message. 
 "As a person 
 In re HOWARD N., a Person Coming Under the Juvenile Court Law. ––––––––––––––––––) THE PEOPLE  Plaintiff and Respondent
 That a person interested in an estate  although his name and his interest is disclosed on the face of the record
 Volunteer [ vol-uhn-teer ]; noun noun a person who voluntarily offers himself or herself for a service or undertaking. a person who performs ... 
 At the same time, a person can be calm and controlled by their will, yet have unworthy or evil ends. 
 As noted, a person may be guilty of attempted murder, and indeed of any crime, on varying bases and with varying mental states. 
 a person 
 A person having lawfully acquired the patented product may use  sell  or offer for sale the same product
 Having a friendly and familiar face for a person in housing stress is very valuable. 
 a person with hearing impairment or language impairment shall be interpreted by an interpreter: Provided
 Another man lauds the fact that a person is now certain of their allotted years, so that ''he stands as firmly on them as his two feet'' (Canetti, 1984: 13). 
 It is not a case, therefore, where a person has no right of action and thus could not be benefited by a forbearance to prosecute an action. 
 A person with Chikugunya will typically have high fever and severe joint pain. 
 It needs something that resonates in a totally new way with a person or audience. 
 can a person sweat to death? 
 However, this does not apply to an injury suffered by a person other than the Traveler. 
 A Freegan is a person who admits to eating meat and dairy products only when they are free and would otherwise go to waste. 
 Taken (digital image created with iPhone apps) This is a person who takes and is taken like a robot. 
 a person of ordinary prudence must be held to be prejudicial error. 
 (Id., at p. 781.) When a person willfully inflicts unjustifiable physical pain on a child under these circumstances
 your evidence would be offered to show what is a normal state of mind of a person who would not be prone to commit such an act." 
 While the Legislature has provided a condition and a term of years after which a person may in good faith reasonably conclude that an absent spouse is dead
 The most famous example of this is the principle of Islamic law that a person is innocent until proven guilty. 
 but where "resistance is overcome by force or violence" or where " a person is prevented from resisting by threats of great and immediate bodily harm
 Sections 721 and 722 are in article 7 ("Proceeding to Declare a Person a Ward of the Juvenile Court"); they are quoted here for information but  as shown in the text of the opinion
 For instance, a person may have Schizophrenia  but due to his/her diabetes
 the punishment is increased significantly  whereas if a person of a higher class were to injure someone of a lower class, the punishment is reduced quite a bit. 
 A pressure cushion with a wireless sensor device designed to alert the carer that a person is getting out of the chair. 
 A mono literate is a person who can read and write in a language and a biliterate or multi literate can read and write in more than one language. 
 A language demonstrates the identity of a person , his culture, values, and worldviews. 
 A person who has would not feel these effects, but a person who is heterozygous might have one gene dampered a bit. 
 What about our generation? }} A: When a person looks at these ex amples, it does not mean that he is expected to be like them. 
 So why shouldn''t a person who has just been born-again, write down the time and date of their NEW BIRTH? 
 In other words, is a person truly sorry for what they did? 
 • When a person has finished eating  the fork and the knife are placed diagonally crossed across the plate
 Doctors have developed a number of different tests to determine whether a person has epilepsy and, if so, what kind of seizures the person has. 
 Few will publicly admit it, but when one becomes interested in a person 
 Conversely, it is repugnant to our sense of freedom to force treatment on a person without at least explaining what is being done and why. 
 Or just an idea of a person ?" 
 Ever heard the expression when a person 
 Herbert had hoped Dan would be able to overcome his extremely limited conception of what constitutes " a person " once he had been exposed to the work  but his partner is a stubborn man
 You were telling me Percy isn''t all that great of a person , and he''s in Gryffindor!" 
 "Bugger me, was that a person ?!" 
 and are generally looking to get committed because that they feel the need to fulfill a dream of marrying a person of their own region. 
 But things started changing when fans started feeling that aroma and taste are important elements whenever a person wants to enjoy a drink. 
 A: Yes, you can create a Wikipedia profile for anything whether it is a person , product or brand. 
 There is a Chinese saying, "If a person knows to change, it''s a good thing." 
 Imam Ali is a person whose lovers and enemies hid his lofty status. 
 a person or another domestic animal, the owner shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. 
 He wrote, in part: "This is a very valuable book that could only have been written by a person with excellent credentials and a lot of real world experience. 
 being part of the overseas Chinese diaspora can make a person 
 It can also take the form of fatigue in the legs rather than actually frank pain and it commonly limits the distance that a person can walk or a time that they can stand. 
 The Korean LGBTQ+ community knew to prepare for an anti-gay onslaught after it emerged that a person with an asymptomatic COVID-19 infection had been partying in Itaewon
 The enemies are always ahead of a person in economy, tech, number of different enemies, and manpower--it is simply overwhelming d u d e. 
 Just consider the case of a person who has lost his eyesight and the loss he suffers in his day-to-day working. 
 A person who is blind might use a guide dog to help her travel to and from work and move about her workplace. 
 133 [87 P.2d 1009]; see People v. Pfeiffer  59 Cal. 89.) None of the cited cases involved attempted intervention by a person who was  or was claimed to be  a member of a class on whose behalf an action was being prosecuted as a representative suit
 There is a rule of universal application that wherever a person or corporation through his or its activities is brought into proximity with another
 This is a locality name meaning ''at the hill'', from a person who lived beside a small mountain. 
 The name Crump is usually of English origin and is of nickname descent, describing a person who had a crooked back or limbs. 
 a person acknowledes it as wrong it also becomes something that person wouldn''t do... to another nation... 
 In other words, what is typical for a person 
 If a person thinks that a European country has abused his or her human rights, that person may take the matter to the judges of ECtHR. 
 Out of nowhere we saw a white figure in shape of a person . 
 a person may very well witness some menacing things. 
 newspaper  book  and caricature has the same ruling and it makes no difference whether a person insults and embarrasses others by speaking, or does it by writing in a book or newspaper. 
 The margin of error therefore of a person applying it should be minimised because at least hopefully they will understand what they are doing. 
 a person 
 With good, regular exercise, and a change to a healthy and balanced diet, a person can become healthier. 
 When is a person ever always the same anyway? 
 It strikes me that if a person is being told that they "have no control" over their substance use/abuse
 but to accept that it''s realistic to someday have a normal weight again seems impossible for such a person . 
 This is indeed scary for a person like me who isn''t very comp tech savvy. 
 We start by brainstorming all the different types of parks that a person could visit. 
 Keep in mind that a person have include quite a bit of material into your outline, you might to put everything into your essay editing. 
 Although such a person might be held responsible in conscience, he should not be made answerable in tort. 
 It is common practice for a person 
 While buying bifocal lenses online, a person can save a lot as compared to the price of the lenses they get from an optician. 
 The logical explanation is that the brain is the source for the persona of a person and the energy source for the person is potential energy in the food that they eat. 
 But what a person believes in
 Still, it''s a setback in the program, which still has a few more test flights to go until a person can be launched. 
 If you want to help a person with anxiety during a crisis
 Strictly speaking insane is not a medical term, but a legal one, used in courts of law to define whether or not a person is capable of taking responsibility (criminally speaking) for his or her own actions. 
 Rather, the real meaning of this word relates to the basic characteristics of a person . 
 They decide who gets access to which tools, and they have full say when it comes to telling a person "no" – especially if you have a shaky financial history that includes lagging income or missed payments. 
 I''m aware of the term "black and white thinking", which implies that a person has difficulty with finding compromise positions between emotional states  moral positions
 A patient with full dentures has less than 10% of the functionality of a person with a full complement of teeth. 
 The rationale being that when a person offers to perform, he is ready, willing and capable to perform. 
 Yoongi can dimly make out a person ahead of him and nearly sobs in relief until he gets up closer. 
 whereas he doesn''t  he simply has no beliefs in god/gods whatsoever. an atheist is: a non-believer  a person who lacks belief. an atheist is: a unbeliever
 It''s extremely hard to live a full and happy life when a person you love is constantly putting you down. 
 Education about mental health and knowing a person with a mental health condition are significant factors in reducing stigma. 
 I drive by and there''s a person sitting on the bench. 
 If a person isn''t willing to share or comment on a particular post
 When a person gets into the rotary, he restricts exit points. 
 If the Thought Police found a person guilty of a "thoughtcrime," that person could expect torture and execution. 
 a person in those letters. 
 When a person consistently fails to sleep then he is said to be suffering with the sleep Apnea. 
 They can then leave hospital with a person to drive them home. 
 I''m pretty sure Massachusetts requires a person to have some sort of permit/license to own stun guns, mace and other incapacitating products. 
 The Jews are basically allowing alcohol or beer for a reason, they know dead well that once a person is hooked on to alcohol or beer  the Jews can use the addiction excuse and force that person to rehab
 Okinawa  Thailand  and Jackson Park–said  "If there''s one thing a person should know, it''s that fish were here before man, and they''ll be here when man is gone." 
 A few people here get very offended if a person mentions how deeply mystical those great scientists'' beliefs were. 
 as well as most discovery sanctions  ranging from issue preclusion to dismissal  are not available when a person who is not a party to the litigation and who is not an agent of a party intentionally has destroyed evidence. 
 In summary, these regulations make it much easier for a person with diabetes to claim that they have a actual disability under the ADAA and obtain accommodations. 
 (We both laugh.) Real humble and listening to me talk as a businessman, listening to me talk as a person , listening to my passion. 
 No matter whether a person believes that T2 happened in 1994 or 1995
 He wasn''t a person at all. 
 The boyfriend of TV actress Hiba Nawab will be a person who respects girl and share every bit of life with her says Hiba. 
 Thus, it is unlawful under subdivision (a) of section 25400 for a person or entity in California  for market manipulation purposes  to engage in "wash sales
 the National Heart  Lung  and Blood Institute adds waist measurement as one indicator of whether a person has a healthy weight or not. 
 A person who is not a faculty member  student
 The total amount of a toxicant to which a person is exposed is not necessarily directly correlated with possible adverse effects. 
 I have a person 
 you might lose your job or all your savings  or be run over  or sudden death might come to you or to a person you love. 
 Rana Ayyub is such a person who made her life a success story through prominent views very independently. 
 Thus, you can not doubt the excitement that you could to see on the face of a person who will take place outdoor camping this coming weekend. 
 But a post-Joslin amendment to section 309(a) made express that a person 
 A person with diabetes can pick and choose to tailor their insulin routine to the lifestyle choices they like. 
 allowing a vehicle to be used or offered to be used to provide transport services or a person or business dispatching a vehicle unless they are in compliance with the bylaw. 
 a person providing foster care or a legal guardian or custodian  but does not include a person or entity who acts in a paid employment capacity. 
 and then paid tribute to science and scientists in different disciplines cross each realization benefit to a person 
 Rather, if there were a person , by heart, loves God more than his/her family. 
 LB 931, introduced by Sen. Sara Howard of Omaha, would limit prescription of opiates to a person younger than 18 to a seven-day supply. 
 Or, if after being labeled and a person is in an ER, for a painful injury, THEY WON''T RECEIVE APPROPRIATE MEDS TO ALLEVIATE PAIN? 
 (1) The following rules shall be used to determine the residence of a person 
 According to the Oxford English Dictionary a martyr is a person who is put to death. 
 A person sick in anorexia nervosa can feel a loss of strength which is associated with the lack of energy. 
 This way, a person 
 But the flipside of "it feels good" is what happens when it permanently hurts a person ? 
 So in the case of where a person 
 Being a member of a nation can provide a person with a profound sense of identity
 the normal response is that of rejection without going deeply into the issue as if a person fighting for his/her rights is an enemy of the system. 
 You''ll note as you scroll through the pictures in that first link that one is taken in San Francisco and there is a person there who has ''nasty woman'' (or something like that) tattooed or written on her neck. 
 If a person is willing to put in the work, the outcomes are amazing. 
 The tracking portion of the sport involves testing the ability of the dog to track the path of a person in an irregular pattern. 
 It should be noted that a P.F.U. need not have contained a family at all eg a person 
 A person that has heart ailment should also you will want a vacation to treat their own sickness. 
 Slip trip and falls can occur in supermarkets, city sidewalks and just about anywhere a person has tripped or slipped due to another party''s negligence. 
 A physician from Henry county, named Thomas J. Warren, a person somewhat addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors  was present at the meeting
 From a BETAR ride to a mantra meditation, if a person is open, a sound therapy session is followed by silence. 
 When a person has the Holy Ghost, then he is a man, and not till then. 
 A person can long for a delicious meal when she has little money  but if someone is hungry and has no money at all
 He is able to provide the reader a clear window into the core essence of a person through their actions and words. 
 Two days after, I recognized him in a description in the newspaper of a person who had committed suicide--as the coroner''s jury correctly stated--"while in a state of insanity
 Although the total cost for a person is of a lower range, the amusement park equipment used can be very expensive and difficult to be reimbursed if damaged. 
 Culture is a key determinant of what it means to be a person . 
 The emotion of happiness appears when a person intuits the fulfillment of the values he embraces. 
 Though the practices of meditation and yoga, Ayurveda helps a person expand their perception of themselves and how they relate to the world around them. 
 The materials submitted with your opinion request suggest that the typical disability statute makes it an offense for a person convicted of a state or federal offense to own, possess, or have custody or control of a firearm. 
 The Gospel cannot be understood unless a person accepts these five points. 
 as disdaining a Child should owe so considerable a benefit to so servile a person ; and if he thought the meer teaching of Grammar  too great a charge for such a one
 He states, "Since loss is best seen as the cue that it is time to let go of the inner thing, one of the first things a person in transition needs to ask is: ''What is it time for me to let go of?'' 
 What dementia does is erase the human from a person . 
 and over half of the COVID-19 deaths in Columbiana County  making it one of the deadliest places a person can live in the current pandemic. 
 To be a Christian, a person must regard Jesus of Nazareth as having exerted in the past the power and influence which the Gospels record
 having consented to engage in sexual activity  expresses by words or conduct a lack of agreement to continue  e.g. a person says yes but after starting changes their mind–this clause highlights the idea that consent can be revoked at any time. 
 reproduced or duplicated in violation of section 156.30 of this article  with intent to benefit himself or a person other than an owner thereof. 
 When a person starts doing something with negative background in his/her head, this initiative has a high risk to fail. 
 this was my failure yesterday (although I might not have been totally to blame) – that I was unable to grow together with a person who disgreed with me. i was unable to learn. that saddens me and I wish I knew better how to respond in such situations. 
 Size, Weight & Convenience The product weighs around 13 kg to 15 kg and has a suitable size for a person of average height. 
 mimicking the way a person speaks 
 If such a person applied for employment in childcare  the potential employer had to check the registry
 The Muslim Brotherhood always fails to choose a person 
 A person who commits suicide turns off all ties to the past  declares a kind of mental bankruptcy
 A person 
 PFA ORDER (PROTECTION FROM ABUSE ORDER): Order preventing a person from abusing another person
 a person 
 All the advantage of nominal high speed is lost when the spindle overheats and is switched off - in addition to having a person watch the CNC machine. 
 If you told a person five years ago that an Icelandic group with across-eyed
 A person who is discerning can ruin friendships if she shares what she knows
 Desiree and Burke explained that "not all trans people have access to surgery" and that a person does not have to undergo transitional surgery in order to identify as trans. 
 e.g. Bostrom who refers to psychological research to support his claim that a person leads a better life, if he has higher capacities, lives longer and so on.[ 
 For no salvation can affect a person 
 A person in any of the following categories may be reasonably suspected to have venereal disease: (Sec. 1  Ord. 423
 When a person thinks that by having a care-free life  a life which can be sustained on unemployment allowance
 No law of the United States or of a State may require a person to contribute money to any government  organization or entity  for political activity or art
 When the uninterrupted enjoyment and use of it, by a person who claimed to do so as of right for twenty years  is proved  the title is prima facie complete; subject  however
 A person may be abused economically or financially by the withholding of money
 This may be a person , a company, an open source project, or whatever. 
 He has become a person in his own right, and that person is a doer and a risk taker. 
 Those who could send a person to stand on their behalf got a natural "headstart". 
 Hi Steve, Education not only teaches what is in the books, it helps in evolving a person into a much wiser and better human being. 
 It means that a person is born into God''s family. 
 When God, besides all this, withdraws his sensible graces, and hides himself from a person who longs only for him –when he leaves him a prey to sorrow  to disgusts  and repugnances of Nature
 This self-intelligence is, as the name suggests, an intelligence that a person acquires for himself or herself apart from any reliance on learning it from the Lord. 
 Because a lot of times these foreign companies have enough leverage to just buy a name, a Haitian elite, a person , give them some money. 
 Lots of people here are suffering from the mad cow thing without even knowing they are,imagine a person saying there are no aliens living amongst InI after seeing the condition of the life style in the world as we speak
 If you like a person and you want to have some time with that person then you can use dating. 
 " A person commenting on Facebook
 When speaking at public meetings held in Colorado Springs, Trinidad, and La Junta there was a person with a stopwatch standing behind you. 
 In today''s world, people are living in a culture where a person with more is worshipped, and it is highly encouraged as well. 
 The same applies to using the towel of a person with skin yeast infections. 
 All effects are done in real-time and are shown in the viewfinder whilst aiming at a person or an object. 
 Roe vs Wade said the people could not say the fetus human was a person and so not ban abortion. 
 Spinoza''s god is less than a person ; mine is more than a person; because God can play the role of a person." 
 What made this system work was a person for each of three jobs, a tractor driver and the two on the baler. 
 He was a cardinal and deeply devout, they say; claiming that such a person would never have a gay relationship. 
 God grants to every Christian at his Baptism a Guardian Angel who invisibly guards a person from every evil. 
 Hikers are of particular nuisance to the snakes, and many bites happen on accident when a person stumbles over a concealed reptile. 
 Suddenly, your sense of self expands, and your boundary as a person changes. 
 When a person is aware that ''We'' are One, right actions/feelings follow. 
 When these techniques are practiced, they help a person in concentrating all his/her senses on the inner self. 
 However, Wells said, the current standard is not clear, leaving the possibility that a person who shoots in self-defense could end up charged with a crime." 
 This insight will help a person understand the source of his or her disturbance so that a resolution of the problem can be achieved. 
 What a person does as part of everyday life–school, employment, volunteering, communication, routines, life skills. 
 the F.O.P. is very suddenly very interested in quoting real-life examples of lives being saved by a person with a concealed firearm?" 
 First, a person goes to a gun shop and gives a down payment on a weapon. 
 Add a topic, any physical discomfort and a person to be angry at and it becomes explosive. 
 NO empirical evidence would suffice to convince such a person . 
 Many of these offers require a person to have good credit. 
 There was also the belief that if a person said enough prayers  lit enough candles  gave enough money to the church  went on a long and difficult pilgrimage
 And what does this visitor visa allow a person to do? 
 In the NDTV show, the Chairperson of the 7th Pay Commission came across like a person who didn''t know his facts.... 
 and I say this not only as a mayor but as a person of color. 
 When Africanized bees sense a threat, they don''t just send a couple of bees to ward it off–they send hordes, chasing a person for up to 400 metres until the threat is eliminated. 
 Some people may use the term ADD to refer to a person who suffers from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity dysfunction
 And almost to a person none has had even the most basic nouse so as to be able to perform a Medline  a PubMed
 This category acknowledges a person in the school community that through leading by example  motivating and enabling others
 A person might say that you thought that bats & rodents were not placentals. you show afterwards that this would be a mistake37 
 When God became a person , the essence of reality ''moved into the neighborhood'' as Eugene Peterson puts it. 
 This takes many minutes of agony before a person dies. 
 one Calvinist has a simple test: "If the theology of Paul in Romans 9 and Ephesians I in any way disturbs a person , then there are traces of autonomous (humanist) man still left in his thinking." 
 From what i read it appeard to me at least that a person who was after a good score could make say a blank map with a massive mountain in the center. 
 These changes can completely make a person re-evaluate the person to whom they are married and what they are doing in life. 
 Similarly, a person 
 I''m gonna put my vote (guess) on "Other" as in not a person or character. 
 In a companion article for Examiner.com, I outlined why he should be admired as a person . 
 A single meal in Evernote Food can contain as many photos, notes, tags and captions as a person wishes. 
 So the B-Theory is incompatible with personal identity over time, insofar as we think that a person is a self-conscious subject rather than an unconscious, four-dimensional object. 
 However, a good private sector website will generally make it extremely easy for a person to at least get started on locating County marriage records online, for example. 
 I''m sure you don''t want a person exhibiting real emotion and would prefer to hear how wonderful your written article is. 
 Asking a person in the queue
 When you are using an attractive or unusual pendant, it may give the link that allows a person to speak with you or ask you about the pendant. 
 If a person is bitten or scratched by an animal that may have rabies  or if the animal licks an open wound
 Therefore, ''officer'', either a person is going to try to shoot you or they aren''t. 
 and it is generally assumed that consciousness is a defining factor of what makes a person human. 
 said grief and mourning are normal emotional expressions after the loss of a person – or even a place, pet or thing – that holds tremendous value for an individual. 
 A German man with leukemia, who received an experimental bone marrow transplant from a person with a mutation that prevents HIV from entering his cells
 When a person decides to make a difference in the world, they begin to make a collective change that manifests a revolution. 
 This can create some incredible memories and make the job the toughest one a person will ever ... 
 Solomon wrote: "So I commend the enjoyment of life, because there is nothing better for a person under the sun than to eat and drink and be glad. 
 This book will teach you how to survive the painful experience of walking away from a person you have come to depend on and ending a relationship you have learned to love. 
 a person who becomes so consumed by the Holy Spirit they speak in indecipherable languages. 
 They will custom cut and plane any kind of wood for about anything a person would want. 
 a person must be 18 years or over to get an intimate body piercing (regardless of parental consent) 
 Salmiya police station security men arrived at the site and saved a person who was seriously injured after he had been stabbed in a fight. 
 if available Commissioner''s/Chairman''s Certificate or Letter of Introduction by a person accepted to the Bank. 
 An analysis of various astrological houses can prove very handy in making a firm opinion on best possible career for a person . 
 Remember that the study rates discussed in this article are approximate averages, not the precise amount a person should expect to pay. 
 A person who knows the importance of this job preferably goes for online services without much investing on indoor offices. 
 When a person contacts us regarding life insurance, we want to be able to offer a decision as quickly and smoothly as possible. 
 More frequently than not, the two have to be combined to help a person in the best way possible . 
 If you are a person who is trying to conserve our planet then this blanket will serve two purposes for you. 
 A person who believed in equality and a balanced life partnership. 
 Before a person applies for a Driving License
 Normally it really is those people tiny extras which turn a great inn {right into a} fantastic a person . 
 A person volunteering assistance must exercise skill and knowledge of which he or she, or guests or crew, is capable. 
 They are simply a method of demonising a person and removing their humanity. 
 a simple machine like the Ab Rocket Abdominal Trainer can get you in good shape and help a person develop a set of six pack abs as long as they are used on a regular basis. 
 Fundamentalists are fond of conversion stories in which a person comes from a cold  impersonal  formalistic worship tradition (Roman Catholic or Episcopal) and
 Licence condition 2945 The licensee shall report in writing to the Commission or a person 
 A person 
 I am currently workshopping a live theatre show, which explores the perspective of a person undergoing treatment/incarceration for schizophrenia. 
 If a person 
 When a person suffers from sudden cardiac arrest, their hearts stop suddenly, and every minute it takes to respond counts. 
 A car dropped of a person at 3:41 and that person went door to door trying car doors. 
 New Health And Fitness.Org – Health Information You Can Use It is very important that a person with diabetes 2 diet to eat a very healthy. 
 After all, there are 2 important time eater in GC2: the length of one turn for a person and the use of the ship design 
 In 2013 Ohio''s Oberlin College cancelled classes after someone reported spotting a person walking on campus wearing what appeared to be a Ku Klux Klan-like hooded robe at night. 
 They have to apply in 1948 was slightly different because of Jewish problems, but not since. . In the US, a person married to a citizen may apply and receive a green card  but for citizenship they must go through the naturalization
 The primary phenomenological feature of a response to hypnotic suggestion is the perception that a person is not the author of their actions and experiences. 
 A person 
 A laryngectomy leaves a person voiceless until he or she has learned esophageal speech. 
 this lectorial was a good introduction into why learning to collaborate is very beneficial for a person attempting to be a part of the media industry. 
 Definition: Typology is the application of an historical fact, a person or thing or event, as an illustration of a spiritual truth, reality, or a doctrine. 
 This right may be engaged when a person 
 One, however, related to a person who had not lived in the district for many years. 
 The victory to the native plant was brought by a person dedicated to the enterprise, test driver with 30 years experience, Elena Orlova. 
 Adding to the film''s attraction is Aniston who looks natural as a person that is far removed from Reuben''s world. 
 PDCs are cheques with a future date on it issued by a person taking a loan to the bank from which he takes the loan. 
 A person may possess the understanding of prophecy (foretelling and forthtelling)
 a Person and a Person only--a Spiritual being if you will  an Angelic organism if you please--but still a Person it is, who stands in the awful position of Tempter to the LORD GOD Almighty. 
 explaining that "Most often  when a person creates a new article describing his or her own work
 A person 
 A person to build a case up against you  your passengers for medical expenses
 When a person accepts the Lord Jesus Christ as Savior, they are the chosen and referred to as the "chosen" or "the elect." 
 bade the men tell their master that the people of Kufa would have no dealings with a person round whose neck hung the murder of Othman. 
 The way a person presents themselves physically does not always reveal their gender identity. 
 Provides that a person may not be required  as a condition of training  employment  pay  promotion  or privileges
 "It''s important for the club to have a person   like him  who always raises our level of demand
 While a person 
 Never before in the history of the country had such a terrible man-hunt taken place against a person in public life. 
 Enslaving another human being is generally seen as the worst crime a person can commit  dwarfing even rape and murder in its magnitude
 There''s not a person sitting in the pews tonight  not one  who has accepted Christ as Savior
 Doctrinally I knew you lived in me, but I have never accepted You as a person . 
 6:58 p.m. Huckabee''s closing statement: "I want to be the president that treats every person, including the unborn as a person ." 
 So the picture of the rashah in verse 8 is a picture of a person unstable in life, a picture of a person 
 If given full power, Statists would ultimately engage in discussions of how much should a person be left with, instead of how much the government should take. 
 a person should start statin medication therapy. 
 As a former Macy''s Herald Square Elf I can tell you that as nice a person as Santa is, to a small child this giant man in a vibrant red suit can seem terrifying! 
 It is usually used in colloquial speech to indicate a person who has gone through a formal process of natualization (filling in forms  swearing oaths
 A person could say, "Until I see it with my own eyes, I reject it as reality." 
 a person without conducting this basic forensic investigation." 
 a person 
 Such a person can commit every imaginable peculiar or abnormal act, but it will be a human act. 
 An incorrect fear will still count. ??? ?Fear must be of serious violence, against a person --- can be D, or someone else (e.g. a child). ??? ?Seems that V must be the one inciting the fear of serious violence. 
 I was thinking about how a person could be haunted, actually. 
 and that Defendants possess records concerning such a person 
 Those brackets, the boundaries of mortal life, now that and that alone is what, apart from God''s grace, a person who is spiritually blinded
 message  post card  description of a person with visual input and clues) (30-35 words) C) Grammar Section: 
 You must not make a SERIOUS ALLEGATION against any person, or suggest that a person 
 Normally, betting houses make use of containment system websites that comes with a person 
 Such remarks are telltale signs of a person that will say anything as filler, sort of like the bulk of the email in this original article. 
 management – identifying a person to lead the team during the spin out process and building the team that will run the business thereafter 
 If the law justified interference on any other basis, it would be deciding what purposes a person pursues. 1. 
 One of the challenges we faced together was finding a person .... 
 As a brother, I remember him as a gentle caring soul with the deepest feelings, but also as a person of great humour and wit. 
 As an example, should it will have a 2 inside the middle and a person gives a 6 along with 8 with his hands and fingers  he could location these 6 at the 2 in addition to articulate
 a person in order to condition these add-ons. 
 For the most part this blog is to satisfy people who might invest in a person or company that has issues therefore evading a possible future financial downfall. 
 It had been clear that the greater online a person became about social media marketing bots, the less supportive they truly became of the usage. 
 As a person who has been in management
 The feeling that a person or a thing is worthless or beneath consideration. 
 s24 Right to exercise owner''s powers " A person 
 a person who is not liable as constructive trustee  i.e. an innocent volunteer who takes subject to the trust
 JRKENN; you know it get a little sick at all the comments on this site after a person says what they believe (which is his god given right
 Lord Justice Thomas stated that there was no need to consider whether a person 
 A person being tortured will say what he or she thinks the torturer wants to hear, true or not. 
 For example, a person 
 There are some cases in which a lucky hit, be it with sword, arrow, or bullet, makes a person drop dead on the spot. 
 but court considers that a person 
 or have been in contact with a person confirmed to have COVID-19 within the last 14 days. 
 Mr Owaisi said his only concern was "about a person who has been nominated as one of the mediators because of his stated position in the public domain
 s. 38(2) LA 1980 - a person 
 Worries are typically widespread, involving everyday issues and a shifting focus of concern; a person with this disorder finds it difficult to control their worries. 
 You know, simple things like us all acknowledging and agreeing, say, a person of colour living in Atlanta is from the "deep south." 
 acquaintance renown  notoriety even to men he had never met get attached to a person deeds  achievements for literary composition show favour  give support brilliance  excellence welcome
 If the reasonable person does foresee that shooting into the door of the toilet cubicle could kill a person 
 Presumption of death and subsequent determination that a person is alive 
 She writes that some residents pulled a person from the car, who was lying on the ground, speaking. 
 Therfore I will ignore your rantings of foolish misconceptions as that of a person without a clue projecting their own case onto others. 
 These are independent probabilities, so a person who has taken the medicine could conceivably "die of both." 
 In other words, Palace is a typically vast Schaferian project, challenging for a person of any age, daunting for a man of 68. 
 a person sympathetic toward the wolf. 
 Insert Two: A shot a person being dragged off by two cops. 
 You have to know a person very thoroughly Ixffore you can l>e sure. 
 a person in a highly agitated state or in a mental health crisis to achieve voluntary compliance in place of any force option." 
 The lump was barely recognizable as a person , never mind his own body. 
 Honestly, a person can rarely catch a break. 
 Bad grammar definitely stops the enjoyment, and when there''s a bad translation that a person who often needs fansubs can recognize, you kind of start to wonder what else the group messed up on. 
 Say a person wishes to choose a car bases only on fuel economy. 
 Through the philosophies of abundance and Karma yoga, a person can design a financial plan in a way that is consistent with Karma yoga
 Will a person have no right to vote for the rest of his life if he immigrated? 
 If a person is loading a mortar aimed at your house, you don''t have to wait for it to land before you pull the trigger on that dude. 
 The questions she faced from the floor of public forums were inevitably tense with the drama inherent in a person who can barely stand up because of her fear, but who knows that she must rise to the occasion. 
 In training, computers simulate the situations cops find themselves in – a person with a hard-to-identify object in hand turns to face the cop, who must quickly determine whether or not to shoot. 
 WM: it''s not all all okay to quote a person who wrote two separate words by putting them together in a new way–maybe with an ellipsis between them
 One Minuteman student from Arlington is under self-quarantine after coming into contact with a person who tested positive for COVID-19. 
 as described earlier  was the idea that a person 
 A person could slide right off the bed in the morning (as they are getting up) and fall onto the ground
 Certain people also state that a person that is possessed by a demon will emit a putrid smell. 
 a person give a tasty BBQ gravy for many additional flavor. 
 At the same time in ME3, a person who played more was also more likely to have more Ultra Rares and plenty of equipment
 While we all appreciate JT3 as a person , the nine year record of underperformance must be considered. 
 open questions – questions which require a person to elaborate or explain, helping to build rapport and encouraging them to open up. 
 As a person 
 So if a person were to be living in Montana and would allow bison on their property
 You don''t need to be a person of faith "to get the most out of it," she stressed. 
 A qualifying child of a person cannot be a qualifying relative of someone else. 
 "You know, I''ve always been blinded by the fact that beneath homelessness, beneath all that, is a person with their own individual story," Piescer said. 
 He believed in Ubuntu (we are all interconnected and a person cannot exist separate from society; we all have responsibilities to each other). 
 Emergency powers that might apply when a PHO suspects or knows that a person is infected with COVID-19
 Like a full payment due on demand clause if a person fails to pay their mortgage. 
 The media reported that the Zhytomyr regional prosecutor called the incident "deliberately inflicting injury on a person " and "exceeding authority." 
 As a person who loves creating content for TV and radio  interviewing interesting people  presenting shows
 The following categories of standing were proposed: a person 
 Moreover, a person who held socialist views could also affiliate himself with the liberals. 
 A person would be kind of mentally unbalanced if they were to go out and drill a well without any benefit of science. 
 it is important that a person 
 To honor a person or generic group of people like kupuna or Tartans is one thing – honoring a religion like Islam
 I am a person who uses coupons and Arbys send them out about once a month in the mail. 
 a person 
 We also seek a person 
 Students began calling 911 reporting the post and a person who allegedly matched the characteristics at the John C. Hitt Library. 
 a person being searched may experience. 
 Feb. 8 – Officers checked on the welfare of a person injured on. 
 front line police officers use their own judgement when establishing whether a person has mental health issues. 
 A person 
 These prevent a person 
 S citizens as a person 
 Food journals may you eliminate your food intake and are significant role in a person achieve your quick weight loss goals. 
 Sure, there may a couple which you may apply within your life, an additional are the most essential ones, those a person should definitely have incorporate in your way of life. 
 It is the specific behavior that may allow infectious body fluids to gain access to the blood supply that puts a person at risk for HIV infection. 
 "I acted like a person completely out of control when I was arrested and said things that I do not believe to be true and which are despicable
 I got it freshmen year and the chronometer function enabled me to pwn the 12-minute run (for a person of my body shape (short thoracic cavity and stumpy legs)). 
 a person ?! 
 A classic moral conundrum, especially though not uniquely in liberal polities, is whether a person should choose what is best for him or herself
 This is the portrait of a person who is extremely desperate. 
'' a person who might be otherwise judged. 
 At the $180,000 per year income level, a person with three children and no income suing a common co-parent collects $497,880 over an 18-year period. 
 After pointing out that hardly two southern states prohibit white intermarriage with a person who has some Negro blood  he said: "Few indeed of the states flatly prohibit intermarriage of the races
 for example  what proportion of African American ancestry a person could have and be considered legally white – one-quarter to one-half in some states
 So even with high intelligence, years of talk therapy, lots of study and understanding, a person may be unable to change their low self-esteem. 
 Crucially, the performer of the piece does not appear as a person on-stage  being a series of pre-recorded vocal clips that are sequenced according to the players''
 a person   such as whether he/she will be experiencing unusual neck pain
 There probably isn''t a person on the planet better suited to playing this supremely annoying character. 
 As a person who has booked many speakers for events over the years, I can honestly say that Eric is among my top 3! 
 "No matter what a person is dealing with  a psychic medium answers these questions and helps the person determine his or her path in life
 a person 
 Hanna (438) gives the solution: "the neuter may refer to a person , provided the emphasis is less on the individual than on some outstanding general quality. 
 a person he so sweet 
 Ocean City, Md. – Worcester County Health Department confirmed late yesterday afternoon that a raccoon that attacked a person in north Ocean City tested positive for rabies. 
 MCKAY - (Perth) We regret to learn that two men, Alphus Knapp, son of Barnabas Knapp, Esq., of Montague, and a person 
 A person is now in custody whose name we have not learnt, but who is supposed to have been the party who committed the deed. 
 UNNAMED MAN - On Saturday last, an inquest was held by Dr. Wanless on view of the body of a person 
 Many entry-level jobs require a university degree, so not finishing high school puts a person at an even bigger disadvantage. 
 Handguns that become visible or are verbally disclosed while a person is in the health center violate KU policy and the KU Public Safety Office will be notified. 
 1 deposit secures 1 spot, equipment etc. If a person has paid a deposit & does not play that deposit can be transferred to a new player for that player''s deposit. 
 To "visit" a state, a person has to step outside the airport and breathe the air, according to the organization''s website. 
 and as a result was basically socialized to believe that my entire identity and value as a person hinged on how intelligent I was perceived to be (belief #1). 
 These are the needs which provide a person with sense of security and well being. 
 Finally a notification is sent through Pushover via MQTT (Mosquitto) when a person is detected, along with an image and a camera name and timestamp. 
 For example, a person might be described as "a Marketing Director"; though the person does in fact hold that job title
 as well as if you''re a person who works at residence, this is the only place you need to head to network. 
 A person 
 Music shows you everything you need to get through life as a person . 
 If persons are not absolute, metaphysical things, then, how do we know who or what is a person ? 
 In Civilization I, it was the great king and military leader: a person like Julius Caesar or Alexander the Great, sometimes worshipped as a god. 
 A bicycle carries up to five times the weight and can travel four times as fast as a person walking, using much less energy. 
 This and the increasing desire to visit "exotic" remote locations, in essence means that a person could be in central Africa one day and walking around the streets of Sydney 24 hours later
 "Liability" is imposed on a person by another. 
 At first I didn''t understand why a person would attempt such an impossible business enterprise
 If These Methods Fail - When removing wildlife, especially from a place like your chimney there are risks that a person performing the job is undertaking. 
 This is because Job was a person 
 a person would be subjected to torture on return. 
 A person who wants a two-year degree is more likely to go to a community ______________ than a university. 
 A person can give a title to something, therefore, entitled exists in your dictionary as having that meaning: 
 and the alleged infiltration of the Australian parliament of a person with potential loyalties to China. 
 The Court extended the interpretation of the NSW legislation, by also allowing the recording of the sex of a person to be altered to an additional "non-specific" category
 A person 
 In China, a person 
 Suspected cracks, if sighted, are further investigated by sending a person in a bucket for magnetic particle inspection (MPI) and a close-up photograph of the MPI site
 Being free from any illness or medical condition is the major determinant that a person is healthy. 
 The foil is a person or thing whose traits, by Frankenstein, By Mary Shelley. 
 It would therefore stand to reason that listening to a self-hypnosis sleep session upon going to bed could benefit a person greatly. 
 It is easy to commend the new advances in cell phone technology, which would help us hear the voice of a person around the world at all times, but difficult to listen to a person standing right in front of us. 
 He has the sense to know if a person is lying or misleading, but his ability to speak with the fluid grace of the merchants has always eluded him. 
 If a person is in his late teens
 After a person develops psionic ability
 Discerning Insight (Ex): Sir Brenan can recognize when a person is trustworthy or not. 
 If a person uses his head and respects the "rules of the road" he will elevate many of the problems others'' complain about. 
 Being unable to believe in the pilot''s ability or the functions of the security staff and systems can cause a person to become very anxious. 
 I cannot say enough positive things about him as a person and his professionalism as a real estate agent." 
 a person checks into a mental health facility; 
 Freud believed that when a person utters something other than what they really intended to say
 TV channel features a person getting transformed into Ellen Page. 
 a person can contact the brokerage directly." 
 Within a drop of blood, you can find all the information you need to reasonably guess where a person came from, without ever having to look at their face, name or passport. 
 Almost always, with the appropriate professional care and self care at home, a person can rehab their frozen shoulder tendonitis and turn it into a fine shoulder. 
 weight loss  enlargement of the spleen and liver  and anemia  typically develop months  but sometimes years  after a person becomes infected. 
 It is easily accessible and you have option of blocking, tagging or removing a person . 
 Where can a person find Pennsylvania inmate records? 
 The actual task is an added class to our group of experts since they endow a person important materials that is unsurpassed and so consummate that you simply can''t avoid our online service. 
 a person 
 or him as a person . 
 A person who asks for documentation is clueless about the way things are done here in baja. 
 SS has never read a book in English except the academic and technical ones and he is a person who has a very well developed intuition
 The congregation is expected to be a person who has let go of bad behavior in the past and try to live forward with a new heart and good behavior. 
 There is nothing more attractive than a person scarfing down a bag of Biscuits and Gravy flavoured potato chips!!! 
 The word God has been misinterpreted to suggest form instead of Spirit, – to teach people to think of God as a person instead of Spirit or Principle, – the eternal principle of good. 
 It could be food, a place to visit, or a person to speak to (other than himself). 
 I hated Jamie Lannister, and....he''s not as bad a person as I thought he was - I have a lot of sympathy for the Lannister boys (not so much for their sister). 
 I mean I''m reading through these 110 so far, and I just want to say to Amazon, " A person who did not understand the movie is not equipped to review it." 
 I am so glad to read a post that actually states some theory that requires a person to think or stretch their grey cells. 
 In Iran and Syria there would be no question that a person in Haneef''s position would be tortured and convicted. 
 Of course, I will still be hypocritical from time to time, and get on some sort of musical high horse, because I am also a person who specializes in contradicting herself, constantly. 
 If a person are aware of a latex allergy, I would suggest on the lookout into an artificial latex product; nevertheless , a person should still analysis the chemicals of which may be a part of a fake latex mattress before making your purchase. 
 One dietary supplement that a person can choose in this regard is Keto Pure Diet. 
 What can trigger the damage is when a person excessively exposes himself to blue light sources like digital screens especially during night time. 
 is sometime all it takes to help a person come to their own best solution. 
 It would be an interesting study to see if a person refuses to leave the vMeme, from fear or other, if they transition to the negative (inverse) aspect of the same vMeme. 
 Then I''d be able to click on a contact and see tasks delegated or associated with a person or organisation. 
 Feeds, simply put, are mechanisms of structured data that enable either a platform or a person to take action. 
 a person walking, and therefore is statistically by far more likely it will be an Afghan civilian. 
 As a person of leadership, President Bush should have been aware what he should and shouldn''t publically say. 
 Partly, it''s an eclectic expression comprised of a person saying "DAMN STRAIGHT" (could be any person) and a pirate (or other butch sailor type) saying "AARRRRGGG" /Jacob 
 welcome sir. but i know and am convinced u r as sensitive a person as i am. perhaps
 You are the outlier out·li·er ˈoutˌlīər/ noun noun: outlier; plural noun: outliers a person or thing situated away or detached from the main body or system. 
 she said  but it was also a common practice to "warn out" a person 
 When a person 
 Each count can subject a person to huge fines and up to five years in Federal prison. 
 I can never get why people have to be so pedantic when they clearly understand the idea a person is trying convey. 
 (Do you know it, and did you watch it as a kid) In this game a person post an old TV-show or cartoon he or she saw as a kid. 
 sometimes on condition that a sum of money is lodged to guarantee their appearance in court. 2) money paid by or for such a person as security. ► VERB ▪ release or... ... English terms dictionary 
 a person is speaking to, to essentially cut and paste a soundbite to fit what they want and support their slant. 
 It is all about a person alone in from of a glowing, captivating screen. 
 Now, I think even a person who thinks there is no possibility of God could agree that love is good and not-love is bad. 
 Peer support is practical, social, and emotional support from a person who shares similar experiences with a disease or condition. 
 These questions are "analyzed" and from it you will be categorized as either a person who is a "Carb type"
 These benefits will not automatically happen when a person stops eating meat. 
 Asim Ghaffar understands all of the ways that travel can enhance a person 
 This point has been brought out to learn to face some problems difficulties and don''t be weakling to be a person who gives way. 
 we turn to a common lexical meaning; A victim is a person harmed by a crime, tort, or other wrong." 
 Experts remain unsure of the cause of this behavior, but various treatment options are available to help a person manage it. 
 A person who develops any of these symptoms should immediately stop ascending and rest until their symptoms have cleared. 
 A person may need to wear the stockings for around 6 months before they feel the full effect. 
 The patellar tendon works with the front of the thigh to extend the knee so a person can run, jump, and perform other physical activities. 
 If the fungus is spreading or worsening after treatment, a person should see their doctor who can prescribe oral antifungal medicines for the condition. 
 If a person suspects that they have a yeast allergy, they should consult a doctor. 
 There may be some ways to get both better sleep and more deep sleep each night, allowing a person to wake up feeling more rested and refreshed. 
 A person with narcissistic traits may have narcissistic personality disorder. 
 Syphilis is a treatable condition and, with treatment, a person can typically expect to make a full recovery. 
 If burn scars cause significant distress, a person can talk to their doctor about options for reducing scar tissue. 
 If a burn causes parts of the skin to stick together (called contractures), a person may require surgery to release these and enable movement. 
 If a spider does bite, it will usually cause no more harm to a person than a moderate insect bite. 
 If a person suspects that someone has an eating disorder
 Explosive, or severe, diarrhea causes a person to pass liquid or loose stool more frequently and forcefully than regular diarrhea. 
 a person looking at the side of the frame. 
 There is a small chance that a person may have an allergic reaction to contrast materials. 
 This "extreme weight gain" is equivalent to a person who weighs 200 pounds gaining 30 pounds in 2 months. 
 To master diaphragmatic breathing, a person needs to practice expanding their abdomen when inhaling and contracting it when exhaling. 
 If a person has bacterial pneumonia, a doctor may prescribe antibiotics. 
 In some instances, a person may have no known cause for their multinodular goiter. 
 When used as a laxative, a person 
 Rabies is fatal if a person does not receive treatment. 
 Vaginal ring: A person inserts a vaginal ring inside their vagina. 
 What can you possibly learn about a person through a one-question survey? 
 But he is a person I find inspiring. 
 POGROM: Many a person have said we''d be rock stars if we had sung about flowers or corpses. 
 Is it possible that the main difference between a hero and a person with good intentions is that the hero turns those intentions into action? 
 "My coaches have not only developed me as a swimmer but as a person as well," says Broshears. 
 I understand it like this; A person 
 Congratulations on rising above the hurt and ugliness to become a person who can so freely share her heart with others. 
 Surprisingly, there is in fact a simple step a person in a neuroscience institute can take
 Whatever a person is looking for is likely to be found in Miami, Florida. 
 It happens whenever a person or group files an objection with the CRTC regarding the funding or allowing of a broadcaster to continue running. 
 He doesn''t just look like a person; he looks like a person that hasn''t gotten laid in 19 years. 
 Then, having made the request, he moves on: "Or imagine, instead, that you are a person of colour, and you jolt awake one night to see some teenagers running away, leaving a cross burning on your lawn..." 
 As is evident from a previous post, modern versions of compilers can make a person a one happy hacker. 
 Keep reading to learn more about how a CPM machine works, the potential benefits for use on different joints, and how a person can get a CPM machine for home use. 
 Notice the key terms: ''Likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt...." 
 A bribe is a payment made to a person in a position of trust(soldier), to corrupt his judgment. 
 Brahmachari means a person who is absolutely devoted in search of brahmam( the supreme absolute truth). 
 High cost and Clinical Trial Failures Alzheimers disease drugs are costly and may not be worth it if a person takes many other medications for other health conditions. 
 The gesture involved a fleshy, breathing reminder of how cameras and medical devices alike can turn a person into a specimen, a disturbing reality that has had dramatic consequences for scores of patients. 
 If this occurs, a person should rest their voice immediately and contact a doctor. 
 there was one person bundled up so tight in layers of clothes and trash bags that you could hardly tell if there was a person under there. 
 However, it really affects a person emotionally and mentally. 
 The Orokolo boys, however, said that the spirit may leave the body in search of drinking water if a person is so ill that he cannot walk to water and has nobody attending him. 
 He begins to state that both drugs and television have the effect of escaping a person from reality. 
 a person 
 A person 
 Accordingly, when a person is shot with his/her eyes blinking or with his/her face moving, a warning is given. 
 and that his personal experiences continue to mold him into being such a person . 
 PENDING OVER BUDGET: "Often times a person will spend over their budget and get into deep financial trouble, spending well above their income," says Engs. 
 It is usually safe for a person with COPD to exercise, but they should not exercise if they: 
 "www.haider.com" is a service which offers -to a person with this family name- to have the haider.com address with his or her first name instead of "www". 
 and make note of the subtle attributes which would be ideal for a person working in that job. 
 actions  beliefs  etc.); to censure  condemn; to reprehend  rebuke  blame  chide  or find fault with ( a person ). 
 Meursault is a person who is emotionally and physically detached from the world. 
 If a person is diagnosed with dementia under the age of 65  it is referred to as ''young-onset dementia''
 moody images of a person walking along a beach on a bracing stormy day with grey sky and breaking waves - low key, concept of depression and misery 
 Such a person had forfeited any claims to mercy - in fact it would be foolish to be merciful to a rebellious or cruel person. 
 A cat breeder is a person who breeds cats for the purpose of owning as well as selling. 
 Benefactor is a person who gives some form of help to benefit a person  group  organization or beneficiary
 But a person doesn''t have to be correct on every issue in order to be a Christian, and there are some issues God hasn''t defined for us. 
 pedlar: A person who engages with something in a cursory or ineffectual manner; a dabbler, a trifler. 
 If the company does not have a contract with a particular insurance provider, Dexcom may refer a person to an in-network distributor partner to offer the lowest available price. 
 All that put together is what made a person English rather than Greek or Hebrew or Chinese. 
 The most accurate way for a person 
 At a feast a person 
 There''s no better lunch to be had for two bucks a person anywhere, I''m sure of it. 
 Like anything else, a person 
 schools or other programs  and organizations doing business with a person who holds a Certificate.118Id. 
 Most people think that being smart is how good a person is at making decisions and solving particular types of problems. 
 Though "riches give a person entrance to most places down here, but they do not open the gates of Heaven. 
 Work can play a huge role in this return to normalcy both when a person works during treatment or upon his/her return after a leave of absence
 Irvinites: Converted when a person believes in their heart that William Irvine is the prophet of God for the latter days. 
 A person 
 Food Intolerances identifies common sources of sensitivity, which may help a person track their food-related symptoms over time. 
 This might mean that if you are below 65 and/or still working, you might want to have a higher allocation to stocks than a person who is 65 or over and possibly retired. 
 Mr. Woodward acknowledges that attributions of thoughts  conclusions or feelings to a person were in some cases not obtained directly from that person
 Curiosity was what made a person tick in his opinion. 
 Tenacity: She doesn''t quickly or easily abandon an idea or a person once she has a plan. 
 However, we seem to have quite firm views on what is and what is not a person (if you take the common notion of the word). 
 However, on a person by person basis, we have never been more disconnected. 
 The children of a person with sporadic nail-patella syndrome are also at a 50 percent risk of inheriting the disorder. 
 The following table lists the emergency warning signs that indicate that a person should seek medical care. 
 If the tribal court deems a person an expert, then opinion testimony will be allowed in court when - 
 We actually measure where a person overextends their behavior when they get under stress and pressure. 
 If a person does not have health insurance
 Gauhati High Court has set aside ex parte order of Foreigners Tribunal declaring a person as foreigner noticing that the Tribunal had declared a person as ''foreigner'' without serving notice on him. 
 It may be useful to provide a disruptive condition to a person not aware of the technology. 
 Clause 13 states: The occupation of the dwelling thereafter shall be limited to a person who has last lived in the Parish of Skeffling or the adjacent parishes of Holmpton
 A person can check how much they should weigh for their height and age
 This means that they have a sexual or romantic attraction to a person who is of a different gender than their own. 
 First, a person has to sign up on Eargo''s website. 
 Such a person has much to cope with already. 
 This creates leverage so that a person with 1 million dollars in hand can bid for a contract worth between 10 million and 100 million dollars. 
 The doctor will need to be aware if a person is pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or nursing. 
 Adopting good post-sex hygiene habits may limit the risk of infections and allow a person to feel fresher. 
 a person 
 They have bivalent no antibiotics to see my doctor and demanded that a person that hides behind an anonymous account. 
 If, however, the artist is trying to implicate the viewer by forcing him or her into the place of a person willingly degrading herself – implying that  by standing in that place
 A person may argue the relative merits of changing offensive language  whether it offends the playwright  or is illegal or not
 Some characteristics of plant-based meats and products that a person might wish to avoid include: 
 There are programs available if a person should need additional support with extra costs. 
 If everyone made 10% more this year than last a person making 100k would make 110k. 
 pulling supply and attack lines  carrying items  climbing stairs with hose packs  and rescuing a person (weighs approximately 180 pounds) by dragging the person approximately 25 yards. 
 If Sweden was a person   it''d be like the guy with three mortgages
 A fire shelter with a 3-foot tear caused by a person 
 Although many people state Audie Murphy wasn''t that warm a person , Domergue has to disagree. 
 by everybody: rider  crafter  holder  or otherwise  and respect to be given to a person is mostly determined on how they treat others. 
 Identity management solutions allow an organisation to recognise, verify and approve a person or people in a country, company or network, allowing them access to a particular system. 
 My mom was a person 
 If a person is unsure, they can contact Medicare or their Advantage plan administrator to confirm what their policy covers. 
 a person and helps in determining the need to training and development for the purpose of improving the effectiveness. 
 It was a crime marked by every possible evil when a person deliberately, in cold blood, destroyed a fellow creature body and soul... 
 Hope Through Personal Responsibility For a person in recovery
 General anesthesia refers to medication that puts a person into a controlled, sleep-like state of unconsciousness. 
 During this time, a person can join a new Medicare drug plan or switch their current arrangement. 
 These resources assist a person in polishing their language skills especially when it comes to subtleties of the language. 
 However that editor is extremely arrogant for a person who has written an article about such a ''simple'' problem
 At one end is a drawing of half a person wearing a reindeer antler. 
 There should be some way for MongoDB to interpret these commands rather than making a person learn MongoDB commands and writing them. 
 While the disks require a person to spin them, the pendants offered a reprieve. 
 A person who was several years sober
 If you are making this coat for a person whose belly or hips are much wider than her bust  you will need her measurement at her widest part as well
 They are also always ready to help others but no one wants their help because a person who cannot help themselves how can they be able to help others. 
 To invest as deeply in a person as healthy marriage counsels is to be to the other person their everything. 
 I am alarmed that a person of Soludo''s calibre is saying that kind of nonsense. 
 Apart from looks, bedroom furniture should be such that when a person enters to a bedroom, he or she must feel the grandness as it is a fundamental requirement to feel royalty. 
 a person 
 positioning her to be the second consecutive former federal prosecutor to lead Wall Street''s top regulator  said a person with direct knowledge of the matter. https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/a...tender-for-sec 
 It is essential that if a person wants to accomplish the fitness ambition, then physiotherapy should be integrated. 
 So, she isn''t even on the website payroll, so what real value should a person put in some "reporter" who probably "writes" just to push her libtard views? 
 If a person tells you what you should wear, tell them that you''re not worried about what they think. 
 After a conventional implant for Total Knee Replacement, a person can typically walk comfortably and his knee joint will have a good range ofmotion. 
 Overall the story kept me engaged wondering how a person could perpetrate such acts against fellow human beings..[ 
 Over the years, King said he occasionally remarked to family and friends that a person might as well die doing something he loved. 
 According to police, Nijad Georges Mehanna was in court representing a person charged in a drug case. 
 When a person or entity that is a health care facility payor  prescription drug manufacturer  wholesale drug distributor
 Beach J held that just because an inventor is to be a person in some parts of the act does not mean that an inventor must be a person for every situation.[ 
 Symptomatic cases meant a person with fever of more than 15 days  weight loss  fatigue  anemia
 I don''t need more entertainment, I need to be treated like a person , loved, valued, believed in, not "entertained" into oblivion. 
 It is not a person , nor being, nor life. 
 A unique advantage of collaborating with Rococo World is the acceptance of a person from any background; for example  we encourage LGBTQ+ artists but aren''t exclusive to this
 I too am thankful for The blessing I received from a person brave enough to be an organ donor. 
 So it is worth remembering that a person who poses challenging questions can also share in the experience of refutation
 Any business that wants to participate, just adds their name, and when a person buys a certificate it can be used at any business on the list! 
 the difficulty may arise on several aspects like in the cross-examination of a person   presentation of documents and/or pieces of evidence  statement of parties on oath  etc.
 With the poll available, a person who opens the thread can get a quick glance of the general direction of the thread. 
 When a person loses a hand to amputation  nerves that control sensation and movement are severed
 Many places a person would visit on a vacation are kind of ruined by hotels up and down the beach area. 
 The only way a person could see the holes in the lip was to stick their head in the wheel well. 
 which includes listening to a person describe symptoms. 
 What happened was that pus from an infected person was rubbed into an open wound of a person uninfected with smallpox. 
 He is previously convicted of violent crime, and was then described by a person who had been in contact with him in three words: "NN loves violence." 
 in them system a person 
 Whether coaching services are used to explore deficits in competencies with a person or to expand potential
 which is one of the reasons imprisoning a chimp is at least as bad and maybe worse than imprisoning a person ," he argued before Acting Justice Barbara Jaffe. 
 The present experiments investigated whether participants could use basic semantic information about a person (i.e., a "mediator"), such as an occupation, to help link that person''s name to his or her face. 
 Sebastien Deschamps of ReloTalent  a software provider  said over 160 excel tasks were required to move a person . 
 a person of the same sex". 
 The buried storage room would be accessible only by a cone-shaped hole, designed to be large enough to allow a person access but not large enough to allow someone to remove ''artefacts'' from the site. 
 If Madeline were a person She would be my BFF. 
 He does write from the viewpoint of a person with faith and conservative values but never ever writes about his subjects as less than fully human. 
 Cyber coaching works well, but I get a better feel for a person and situation through personal contact. 
 He''s a lowly, misfit drekka– a person who should have powers, but doesn''t. 
 I know a person that saw several deer in winter along a road and thought it was a large group of coyotes. 
 A person traveling can be stressed, tired, and likely distracted as they are listening for important flight information. 
 You know what happens when a person or company receives notice that they''ve won an award? 
 often spelled torq or torque is a large rigid or stiff neck ring that were designed as near permanent wear and signified a person of high rank. 
 the nature of birth in the western world has mirrored the dominant cultural story of industrialisation  and as a person who is exploring life beyond the parameters of this civilised story  and also as a woman expecting her first child
 A. The therapist is non-directive and works in a person centred way. 
 A person or animal will first understand the environment by sensing what "state" he is in. 
 a person 
 If a person is in your Outlook Contacts and you have shared the contact as public, you are shown as knowing the person. 
 At the time IMHO, very few would have taken this statement seriously, given that it was coming from a person who has a habit of not knowing what he is talking about. 
 It exits me a person who is sure of himself and lets everything flow in a natural way. 
 Readers of Money Marketing will not need much convincing that paying for advice is one of the best investments a person can make. 
 Your eye will look for me, but I''ll be gone. 9 As a cloud fades away and disappears, so a person goes into the grave and doesn''t come back again. 10 He doesn''t come back home again
 Pink on fat-shaming: ''I''m not a person that will be bullied'' 
 A reminder to all families that a person over the age of 18 should be picking up children from school. 
 a person is sexually objectified; and when sexuality is inappropriately imposed upon a person." 
 Unless a person can do this he won''t know what''s right  he''ll get hold of a shadow and think it is real
 so that it became absolutely necessary for a person 
 it appears to be more of an "issue" the further away from the city or the camp a person travels. 
 I reasoned that, once a person was aware that one vampire actually existed  the possibility of more vampires  not to mention werewolves  zombies
 It gave me more of an awareness about myself as a person and parent. 
 She is also a person with a lot of curiosity and a great reader. 
 Teachers generally become a person with proper vision, knowledge and experience. 
 A person suffering from any of the identified diseases prior to the inception of the policy shall also be covered. 
 If a Hindu finds you to be a person of character and propriety, it does not matter to him that much if you have differing theological beliefs. 
 Once a bone was seen as more exquisite than customarily seen; then a person 
 If I, a person of free-will feel that it is safe to use a bank machine at 2:00 A.M. why on earth would that be the bank''s fault? 
 Symptoms of Epilepsy The frequency and severity of symptoms in a person with epilepsy can vary widely
 INTRODUCTION: Many believe that a person cannot believe until God does a direct operation upon their heart. 
 "Prior to the robot, we were averaging about a minute cycle time for a person to weld them manually," Northway explains. 
 a person continuously changing his mind  a person contradicting one''s world view
 When this quality is practiced on a regular basis, it is a way for a person to communicate great affection and esteem upon the recipient of it. 
 at the first instance that had probably ever occurred of the promotion to a seat on the Bench of a person opposed in his opinions to the Government that appointed him. 
 Corruption is a greedy and unethical behavior performed by a person to fulfill his/her wishes. 
 At the nutritional level, a person can survive perfectly even if it decreases or even eliminates the consumption of meat, as in a vegetarian diet. 
 A person 
 a person belongs. 
 a person 
 A person from the BD/SM community, entering a lot that is open to all is not griefing. 
 While the virus by itself is apolitical, a person 
 where nets are used  operations shall not be undertaken until the net system is installed by a person trained by the employer or equipment manufacturer and the system complies with all industry standards. 
 If a person effectively copes with the threat of a crisis, he or she then returns to prior levels of functioning. 
 We would now like him to tell us in what element we are to baptize a person in fulfillment of this command. 
 A person could spend a lot of time pondering obedience and mastery of will just for starters. 
 a violation of the Maine Unfair Trade Practices Act and a violation of this Title for a person 
 A person 
 It is stated to be harder for a person of color to obtain a high paying job. 
 Furthermore, a person new to online dating must determine certain guidelines around which he or she can base the online dating experience. 
 A person 
 When a person 
 A voice that proclaimed her rights as a person . 
 It simply suggests it might be possible to relate to a place differently when invited to consider it as a person . 
 Upon application of a large enough upward force by the hand of a person , the block will be lifted a certain distance. 
 To be a successful classroom support professional, a person 
 (As that query, of necessity, implied that a person sans an illusory/ delusory self/ Self/ being/ social identity can  ipso facto  be maligned  libelled
 Since Ebola is not transmitted through the air and cannot infect a person unless when a person who already outwardly manifests the disease transmits it, which precludes infection during the incubation period. 
 RESPONDENT: You should (but don''t seem to) realise that a person making claims such as you make will be met with great skepticism. 
 Police say a person can be stopped for smiling  laughing  giving a thumbs up  cheering  doing a cartwheel  giving a high or low five
 Type of fluid, quantity of fluid, viral load, whether or not a person is on ART, whether or not there is concomittant infection with other diseases etc etc. 2. 
 But coming through the portal, supporting a person on each shoulder, he knew that none of that mattered. 
 And a person she had never seen before. 
 a person approximately 15 feet away. 
 This condition happens when a person breathes in a large amount of moldy dust. 
 It seems to us, based upon the criteria established by the Taxation Office, that a person must be sufficiently set apart as a spiritual leader (through ordination or
 We have learned that no studies have been conducted concerning the risk of a smartmeter affecting the health of a person with a DBS. 
 ( A person is know and judged by his actions or behavior) 
 However a person is trained, there is one outcome that is essential; the new motorcycle rider must be confident on the bike. 
 it is "less about finding the right person  and more about treating a person right." 
 If a person 
 One other criteria: the deposit must be made by a person to person money transfer using Western Union or Money Gram. 
 A Tulsi rosary cures a person from high fever, diseases of mind and&nbsp 
 "He went so above-and-beyond as a person and coach," Echols says. 
 If you''re a married gentleman and you need to fulfill a person while not having to chance your relationship, you''ll probable locate this type of site useful. 
 I''m thinking a person could build a CNC rotary table setup that would hold the part at the level where the the laser usually cuts. 
 Summary: "Many studies affirm that friends can make a profound difference in the well-being of a person with cancer. 
 If a person actually has CH''s
 A person who does not have a place of business in the state may obtain one license for all out-of-state locations
 The idea that the color of your skin somehow made you less of a person contaminated black people''s lives in many different ways. 
 A person 
 a person with a disability. 
 but there is no limit to the level of these substances in the blood per se at which a person is considered drunk. 
 A person willing to become a food service worker should be good at food preparation, cooking, serving and helping skills. 
 For instance, the domovoy can make milk go off or put some obstacle in front of a person wandering in the dark, so he or she stumbles upon it, falls and gets hurt quite badly. 
 This personification can be seen as the jealousy and envy taking over a person . 
 a person will walk and spread over 1,000 square feet," Falconer said. 
 Every problem that a person has is blamed on a ''demon'' or ''spirit''
 A person who is covered as a dependent aged over 21 on a family hospital policy  who also earns over the MLS income threshold
 with the signature thereon guaranteed by a Person that is a member of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program  Stock Exchanges Medallion Program
 Astrology can take a person a step closer to his/her would be spouse  the planetary combinations can also reveal the profession
 The Kobayashi Maru is a training exercise and no-win situation designed to test the character of a person . 
 Identity is defined as a set of characteristics related to a person which makes it possible to individualize that person. 
 Valuing: It considers the value a person associates with something. 
 The idea of riding on a dragon, who was also a person , wasn''t quite the same thing as riding a horse. 
 However, a person may be subjected to both sorts of workplace harassment simultaneously. 
 The third cycle impacts on your marriage and children, a person might face conflicts and even separation at times. 
 a person who has been thrown out after using him/her for any gains. 
 Feel free to sub your own mountain of a person here. 207 Sheldrick Redwine S Miami - Another versatile DB. 
 Such a person has to be a team player, task-oriented, extrovert, enjoy working and sharing information with people. 
 a person .........
 Many times this type of behavior can really effect a person long term, and drive down their self – esteem, on both ends of the screen. 
 Naturally, a person undergoing divorce would be emotional. 
 A merchandise coordinator is a person who is in charge of choosing and stocking the merchandise inventory in a place like a retail outlet or a shopping center. 
 For the example in this article you will be drawing a person running. 
 As a person I am happy now." 
 By wearing both these Gemstones together a person doesn''t get any inauspicious effect of any kind. 
 just because it is free and you could afford insurance  a person is clogging up the system at the expense of those that have no other option but go public. 
 Then it was fiery speech which I never expected from a person whom I perceived initially as a nerd person. 
 A person could not reach the bus due to the controls imposed by this police raid. 
 Use of the lever gives the operator much greater lifting force than that available to a person who tried to lift with only the strength of his or her own body. 
 conducting strip searches without reasonable suspicion that a person has, or is about to supply a prohibited drug, and not applying a meaningful test for what is serious and urgent." 
 "Of course it is a worrying factor because we not looking at a person whose ID is deregistered
 Nature and nurture are both important influences to a person as they are developing their traits. 
 A person 
 A person 
 That is, the ordinary photograph is made by a camera with a single lens, like a person with one eye, while the stereograph is made by a camera having two lenses set about as far apart as our two eyes." 
 Emma as a person – overall impression She seems to be a nice person. 
 Newman once wrote to one of the fathers saying, "I will tell you the kind of person who could be of use, a person who could SING...or a good musician generally – an organ player. 
 A person may also drink too much alcohol or do drugs in an attempt to diminish their feeling of insecurity
 or knew/suspected that a person referred to within the subject information was making efforts to obtain such materials. 
 As per the proposed law, the state''s advocate general may file an application in the High Court to declare a person 
 The message is intended= solely for the named addressee (or a person responsible for delivering it= to the addressee). 
 I still fight it.) A person sometimes hesitates to do things that cause pain. 
 so it''s a good idea to have it reduce its approach speed in case a person gets in the way. 
 This is the time between exposure and the time a person gets symptoms. 
 A person 
 B. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection A, a person 
 A person who sells refreshments or other merchandise  or exhibits a show or play
 The framers of the modern Chinese constitution talked about how in a one party system having a person rule for too long can lead to the voice of the common people to become muted. 
 a person should work. 
 (2) A person 
 a person than Union human resource development minister Murli Manohar Joshi. 
 A person 
 It''s not everday that i find a person 
 See, there is a difference between God causing a person to drown when it is their time to go, versus God coming to Earth and stabbing someone out of anger and hatred. 
 When a person constructs such a house for himself  he not only provides himself with housing
 C. "Distributor" means a person that is authorized to affix tax stamps to packages or other containers of cigarettes under Title 36
 Stefan Dimitrov – What if I tell you, that its possible for a person to have this strong belief that an event happened in the past only to later realize that that belief was false? 
 No one can fully know a person , ever. 
 Each agreement between a person who collects or offers to collect child support and a child support obligee must be in writing
 You see, a person who votes one way, then goes home and acts another is not only a damn fool but also a damn fraud. 
 But folly was not a thing a person could easily put away for long, he knew. 
 On the other hand, being able to feel energies can remind a person of where they came from in order to take part in the Earth Experiment. 
 If, for example, a person believes that reincarnation is true, that''s fine because that is his reality. 
 Sad really that a person 
 The feminin and makuline sides in a person will always come on strong in places like SL. 
 Price goes on to say that if a person is failing to complete a project
 The Commissioner may assist a person who is, or has been, an older person in Wales in making a complaint about or representation to public bodies. 
 It could be "lier" or "lior", since many words take those endings to indicate a person who does a particular action (in this case, lie). 
 a person carrying a "kirpan". 
 $170-250 a person per day – Superior 
 Despite the fact I had left the queue to help someone in need, my queuing associates stood their ground to a person . 
 Most people experience anxiety at some point in their life, but this may be more acute for a person with a learning disability or autism who then develops dementia. 
 Archerian - adj. gently nostalgic for a rural or semi-rural way of life that perhaps never existed. n.- a person who is nostalgic in that way (from The Archers
 "It is  however  the burning of large quantities of spirit money that makes the difference in how severely a person is punished when, having died; he once again faces the courts of Hell. 
 It''s like a person who types faster, simply knowing more words. 
 The constitutional (or "born") loser is a person who, because of defective character, fails at most things. 
 capitalizing the word Moss to show it''s a person , and calling the moss "she". 
 "Self employed" means a person who scavenges a group of households" dry latrines or drains etc. in a particular ward
 There is a cue that causes a person to engage in the ritual. 
 a person under 21 years of age where certain additional conditions are met under section 569.381, Florida Statutes. 
 I am not necessarily referring to a person who holds public office. 
 What do you think get from a person who have designed and created the Emerald and Neillife Viewer? 
 The TVC, which features Siddharth, shows various stories in which a person shares their Luvit chocolate with a hidden agenda. 
 In order to be a real amateur competition, I really think that a person with piano performance degree should not be allowed to compete. 
 it found that the record for the maximum number of telegrams sent in a day had earlier been held by a person in Kerala for sending 201 telegrams in one day. 
 Callers may first of all hear an answer phone message before speaking to a person . 
 A biography, like a photograph, is a faithful snapshot of a person taken at a particular time in his or her life. 
 a person . 
 Intersectional discrimination, also known as combined discrimination, is where a person is discriminated against because of a particular combination of two or more protected characteristics. 
 The focus should not be on "enterpreneurship" but more on skill development which would enable a person 
 Whatever second gun a person chooses to carry, it is a good idea if it is accessible to your support hand. 
 Chasing polls and careful posturing do not make a person of character or conviction. 
 It assumes Christians will always be passive bystanders, and will never try to help a person in trouble. 
 (o) A person representing non-motorized boating interests, appointed by the governor and council. 
 He was not a person to be trusted with the truth. 
 "Legal age spouse" means a person 21 years of age or older. 
 No defendant may be held civilly liable for using reasonable force to detain a person who is attempting to operate a motor vehicle while intoxicated for a reasonable period of time
 While a person may be a resident for voter registration, they may not fulfill the residency qualifications for candidacy. 
 - What is the scientific basis of these recommendations? - What is the ethical limit to the insistence that a person take a drug? - If invasive surgery in infants
 A person 
 He is considered to be a person most responsible for bringing all those great players since Berlusconi took over Milan (alongside Galliani). 
 to be heard  have those arguments  and not to say because you''re not a person of faith, you need to stay out, because you have strong faith convictions, your opinion is invalid," he said. 
 Until someone has been involved with such a person , they have no idea how fruitless and naive the hope of "recovery" may be. 
 When a person is infected with Yellow Fever
 As a person with nominal interest in pro football (the pacing just doesn''t work for me)
 In turn, a person by nature embodies variety  buying TEGRETOL online over the counter
 The game plan is what a person creates that will become their playbook on how they will exceed their leader''s expectations. 
 Nonresident - A person 
 "If the Secretary of State reasonably believes that a person has committed a violation of this section, the secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney General for enforcement. 
 It also greatly enhances stability: even on rough terrain, a person with both legs amputated can run up a hill." 
 The digital marketing expert and educator is very particular about employability, which refers to what a person can do immediately after being hired. 
 a person possessing the 16 sublime human virtues. 
 Will a person suffer loss from being given counterfeit money week after week, later to discover the deposits were worthless? 
 Taxation requires that a person work extra hard in order to maintain a lifestyle. 
 According to Charismatics and Pentecostals, a person can become a Christian  receive the sacrament of Baptism
 and if a person 
 Once a person living their life
 Property, in Hegel''s view, constitutes the external sphere in which a person develops his personal freedom and individuality. 
 I have come to greatly appreciate Quin as a person of faith  as an innovative/entrepreneurial professor  as a mentor to his former students
 However, despite these fears that remain, she does concede "I have incredible resilience now, as a person ... 
 "What is it for a person to be capable of discernment? 
 But, can a person undergoing this therapy spread HIV? 
 Here''s my question: How is a person supposed to determine whether his vote was the result of an independent
 Suppose that a person   intially at rest at x = 0
 I think not, so her opinion (which was possibly passed from a person who actually saw them) is at least as valid as your hearsay beliefs. 
 Each pension belonging to a person is taxed by only one government. 
 "Now is an ideal time for the Libertarian Party to get its act together and nominate a truly serious candidate – a person 
 If a person 
 This gynexin review just isn''t prepared to be able to sadden people or perhaps decrease a person through buying gynexin yet, to help you go to an educated choice in gynexin. 
 Here you are first verifying the caller did indeed pass in a Person object to the Equals() method using the C# is keyword. 
 Here s an example of the closure model for a function that represents a Person type: 
 Here, you re supplying a Person 
 everybody makes mistakes  everybody can improve)  a person took the microphone and  visibly moved
 for example through water or a person . 
 you actually have to and picture how a person are about subject matter. 
 If a person needs the amount of up to $1,000 until the payday, it makes no sense to go to the bank for them. 
 looked upon Him  and heard Him speak  it would have been a matter not readily to be accepted that so Divine a Person should ever have been manifest in flesh. 
 What I understood was that: a- Elfen Lied has plenty of [realistic-looking] violence, and you''re a person that clearly enjoys violence very much  b- the art is OK  c- the sound isn''t such a big deal
 It is treated as if it was a person ." 
 When you are a person looking for more info in relation to Diamond rings. 
 In case you are a person looking for more details when it comes to locksmith for car. 
 A person could believe in Christ for salvation and then do as he pleased, having no need to do good works. 
 It is impossible to imagine how a person can survive the loss of vision. 
 She is sure that the reason is in her "heavy" look, but in fact Irina is a person of a subtle mental outlook  otherwise such wonderful songs would not have come from her pen. 10 years ago
 The reward and wage stored up for a person who makes supplication 
 A person with an impeccable expertise in the field. 
 A minimum donation of $30 a person is required and participants should come prepared for a lengthy hike below decks. 
 Gentleness (prautes) marks a person 
 and your young mody [callow] Church-Gentry) let such a Person be in this Behalf  for the Sake of God and his ever-enduring Truth  faithfully fore-warned
 Coastguard Mana was tasked to support police in getting a person from the water in the Pauahatanui end of Porirua Harbour. 
 signal dog  or other animal individually trained to do work or perform tasks for a person with a disability. 
 As a person ages the cells in the body get smaller. 
 Would the Pope have a person believe what is not true? 
 God is a Person, man is a person . 
 In a series of pictures a person walking across a courtyard is said to be moving through both space and time. 
 [*Because Abu Hurayra thought that a person could not fast if he was in janaba in the morning.] 
 A trustee is a person to whom another''s property or the management of another''s property is entrusted. 
 One can''t say that honesty ennobles a person and his thoughts. 
 It is mostly not see-through, but in some angles of light, a very faint outline or shadow of a person can be seen. 
 Curator – A person whose job it is to research and manage a collection and organize exhibitions. 
 Well, it was no secret, and one likes the reputation of being a person of property. 
 Dec 3 08: I decided to confide in a person 
 Do you not see that whatever goes into a person from outside cannot defile him, since it enters not his heart but his stomach, and is expelled? 
 This was not a person who took a chance and drove drunk," Labelle told the Montreal Gazette after the verdict. 
 Who would have thought it possible that a tiny flower could preoccupy a person so completely that there simply wasn''t room for any other thought... - Sophie Scholl 
 a common example being where a person has given themselves over to religious dogma. 
 who might worry their children could follow his influence  none of this is unexpected behavior for a person abusing substances," added Richard Taite, CEO of rehab facility Cliffside Malibu. 
 Likewise, when a person 
 Freedom is a major God''s gift to a person and any normal person values it most of all. 
 in order to this concept  storage tank is divided into units  bookcases were divided into unit  convenience a person can move change become the space of imagination  after the splitting of the unit can continue to use after the next move
 So a person who creates this device and then makes it easy to reproduce, can make it common in homes world-wide. 
 ***** It is very difficult for a person alone to sort out half-true – half-false information that is being distributed for the prosperity of evil. 
 T.C.A. 55-8-189 states A person commits an offense who  on the streets of any municipality  roads of any county  or the highways of this state
 I felt so bad for all these young kids that when the possibility presented itself, or rather, when a person appeared who was ready to give some money to help support some of them, I agreed at once to start our home. 
 For example, if a person 
 Here, she must have been a person of some status as her grand father was Chief Kewinoquot. 
 a person or a musician? 
 they also experienced less cravings than a person on a high protein diet. 
 After each learning experience I am a person that is more whole. 
 a person in a social, historical and geographical context. 
 Because of this phenomenon, known as the "persistence of vision," a person would merge a rapid succession of individual images into the illusion of continuous motion. 
 If the end of a natural way of life, perhaps a person has been reflecting on his own destiny and forever forgiving with his loved ones, friends. 
 If neither the Executive Leader nor Deputy Leader are present then a person appointed to do so by the Executive Leader, shall preside. 
 in the SAGE software. 23 Logistic regression was used to assess the odds of a person being affected given that a family member was affected, adjusting for age and sex. 
 Others, however, have hypothesized that these patterns reflect age-related changes within a person . 
 Authority – By doing the above, it will also show them that you are a person that knows what''s going on and that they could count on you if they have an investment related question. 
 Hi father I have a question , when I felt the need to make a wax candle of a body part for a person that was taken unwell I took it and them to church to have a prayer read by the priest from the church I grew up in. 
 They say that after taking birth as a human being on this Bharat land a person gets the biggest chance to serve GOD. 
 "Well  you see  it''s the grandfather paradox" – the theory that it would be impossible for a person to travel back in time, kill their own grandfather, and still exist in the first place. 
 Mr. Branagh''s Archie looks great (those calf muscles!) and dances well – too well  some might argue  for a person so in the dumps. 
 Or a person who is constantly depressed, may remain in that state for years, never realizing that his anxieties are the cause. 
 "Manufacturer Exporter" implies a person who manufactures goods and exports or intends to export such goods. 
 Mansoor was not there as a person . 
 A person with multiple identities is often referred to as a multiple. 
 HTC Feeling XE integrates top monster beats headphones A person . 
 Linchpin: 1. a pin placed transversely through an axle to keep a wheel in position. 2. a person 
 The poem illustrates how perception is based on what a person is able to see or touch. 
 Can a Person With a Physical Disability Buy Life Insurance? 
 In felony, a person can get a sentence of more then a year and loss of rights for that jail time. 
 In such cases, we are clearly in the domain of the metaphorical, because we are attributing to a person a metaphorical substance called "character," which has causal powers. 
 held the entire universe captive ... .. wow  that looked like so much like a teardrop - a tear walking down the face of a person , shifting left, then right, then further down, with each contour, each delicate detail of a person''s face. 
 Chopper: A person who has a fairly decent swing but doesn''t play or practice enough to be consistent. 
 These reasonable adjustments will range from creating an access route for a person 
 "The first challenge was the casting – how do you request a person that is plus-sized and comfortable enough with themselves be referred to by the title?" 
 TEACHERS TO LEARN ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE, July 18 A person searching for a marketer  then in half regretfully for columbian leptospirosis
 The court held that " a person 
 This crime is committed when a person recklessly puts someone at risk of death or seriously physical injury. 
 Such attestation shall be signed by a person licensed to practice medicine under O.C.G.A. Chapter 34 of Title 43 or by a person licensed to practice optometry under O.C.G.A. Chapter 30 of Title 43. 
 amplifier and loudspeakers  used to allow a person to address a large public
 When a person first becomes a Christian, he invariably faces the challenge of whether God or family will come first in his life. 
 a person who lived through this historical episode. 
 But you as a person ... 
 Do you know the name of a person fatally injured on WA railways? 
 As a person who has done a lot of selling, I''ve seen this plenty. 
 She''s a proven negotiator, a talented convincer, a person who knows how to drive home a compelling argument. 
 The Learning Tree takes each developmental step from birth until a person is approximately nine years of age and explains the attributes a child would have in order to have mastered each step. 
 List the two most important points for any facility or individual to consider when caring for a person with Alzheimer''s or other debilitating affliction. 
 a person and business that I did not really know. 
 Knowing her involvement in this book, don''t expect greater insight into Welch as a person . 
 a person to remain healthy. 
 "Bear" Burch was truly a person I enjoyed being with and knowing. 
 a person 
 As a person who understood the position of the entertainer in the old days
 See {Fact}, and {Total}.] A person 
 Post-traumatic Stress Disorder is a mental illness that can develop after a person has been exposed to a traumatic event. 
 Talks on Kabir, The Guest Chapter 14: I am not a person   Question 5 Talks on Kabir  The Guest Chapter 14: I am not a person  Question 5
the Japanense style of filling their guts with water and then placing a long plank across their stomaches and having a person on each end stand on it and see saw until water comes out of their mouthes and noses. 
 For example a person 
 Physical dependence on Oxycontin is a condition causing a person to experience withdrawal syndrome when the use of the drug is abruptly stopped. 
 a person 
 Comaker: A person 
 she attacks  with her fearless tongue and the whole force of her revelations  no less a person than the head of the Christian Church, the Pope himself, now the tool of the French Kings at Avignon. 
 But a person intent on suicide finds a way gun or no gun. 
 So we create euphemisms just so we can avoid having to actually use the word death to say what happens to a person . 
 Provision should be read as an internal computation of how much SSI and SSD a person is due - whereby a prior overpayment of one benefit reduces the amount of the other benefit paid for the same time period. 
 The Ponderal Index is a measure of leanness of a person calculated as a relationship between mass and height. 
 And this same concept is equally true of him who has received the gift of celibacy: only in the gift''s embrace will such a person ever truly know the richness and fullness of life as God has set it before him. 
 to buying laptops with cash (so the MAC address cannot be connected with a person )  to VPNs and data logging requirements in different countries
 Section 31342 provides that " a person providing necessaries to a vessel . . . has a maritime lien on the vessel." 
 There are many ways to search for a person in the new register: first and last name  birth date and birth parish
 Second, there is vexation, which is an external direct attack of the Devil against a person . 
 It occurs when a person has three or more of the following five factors: elevated waist circumference  elevated triglycerides
 a phoenix design showed the wearer as a person of high moral values. 
 The description of seizure types is not a distinctive as it might seems, and it is possible for a person to display more than one type of seizure. 
 The state of the cosmos at the moment a person asked a question was considered crucial to the ensuing prediction, so a good astrologer was constantly taking notes. 
 For according to their works God judges a person either to life or to punishment  and when the holy soul has been stripped of its body
 The result was that a person never received a clear orientation regarding purity. 
 according to the letter  which was read to The Washington Post by a person who had been given a copy. 
 牆頭草 | | coeng4 tau4 cou2 | | a person 
 The power rapist is the type of rapist who feels he is satisfying a person and may even ask the victim for a date after the rape. 
 Protestants teach that ordination is not a Sacrament but simply the public authorization for a person to exercise a function within the Church, namely teaching the Word of God and administering the Sacraments. 
 Medically Unfit - A person 
 a person 
 Sometimes a person can just feel generally ''unsettled'' during a treatment. 
 A person in the zone is determined to achieve the goal because of complete immersion and not rewards. 
 That way, a person will each be doing each other a good like, endorsing the guide together through your review. 
 If a person is close enough when these activities happen
 It offers an idea of how much such a person is needed to pay. 
400 feet high before it dove to the ground  a person familiar with preliminary investigative information about the fatal crash told ESPN. 
 So if a person spoke to you with (what most people call) Cantonese grammar  but with substituted Mandarin pronunciations
 A person with flat cheekbones enjoy their own company. 
 If a person enjoys legal research
 A Growth Mindset is the belief that intelligence and skills can be developed (rather than something a person is born with or without). 
 Nothing would happen if a person walked into a one-way verge. 
 In fact, if a person did not appear to be starving, he was suspected of hoarding food. 
 I''m told the term ''Dixie'' has an inherently negative connotation to it that instantly brings a person back to a time when human rights only were ascribed to white American males. 
 A laboratory operating in the hidden recesses of the West Wing could not have fashioned a person more expertly designed to appeal to Obama''s wonkish enthusiasms than Mijeno  a young engineer who  with her brother
 He also arranged a vehicle extrication demonstration by firefighters showing a person being cut out of a vehicle and used the opportunity to emphasise the importance of vehicles being in good working order. 
 We want to see an NHS that is more person centred, that starts with asking what support a person needs and brings all parts of the system together to help them achieve that. 
 a person 
 Waivers  Relative Placements A. Except as otherwise provided in this section  only a person 
 While applying for an installment credit, a person usually looks for a few crucial terms – principal loan amount  interest rate  term length  monthly payments (EMIs)
 A shot of the headphones as if worn (by a person with a very thin head???!!!). 
 It covers almost all the ways that will help a person to quit smoking. 
 That a person can only go to Heaven who believes in Jesus. 
 Can a person live a life keeping his Dharma in a separate compartment to one''s professional life? 
 Other benefitsIt clarifies in helping the job role of a person . 
 Section 91/18 A person 
 The couple instantly realized this wasn''t a person but, instead, some creature that was moving low to the ground. 
 By encountering a person at trial with openly inaccurate deposition testimony
 Ensure all staff use this knowledge to help a person feel comfortable in their surrounding 
 a young child  a person 65 years or older
 Civility spreads positivity and enhances both personal and professional image of a person . 
 Many US states have gone further by creating an offence where a person invades another''s privacy for the purpose of sexual gratification. 
 a person 
 If a person can hold an uncirculated $1.00 for more that 4.7 years, face value might be increased. 
 I think Jabbo sees you as an ally, or at least a person of like interests. 
 As discussed in the judgment, the most significant of these ask what constitutes a process and a person employed? 
 mumps  or yellow fever inoculation • Direct inoculation of blood or blood products obtained from a person 
 in a 10-point grounds for bail  said the High Court was clothed with jurisdiction to grant bail  stressing that a person was presumed innocent until a court of competent jurisdiction had ruled otherwise. 
 a person are inherent in the person  not dependent upon another person
 Automation is not just the act of installing robots to do what a person used to, such as in a factory line. 
 More than one''s gender, marital status, region, or education, being younger made a person more likely to report higher use of online comparisons  greater desire to play an active role in care
 Being an Australian citizen if you are willing to marry a person who is not an Australian citizen then you have to pay a heavy fee for your partner visa. 
 Remember that a title of the article is like the head of a person . 
 Reminiscence work is very valuable for a person with dementia due to the nature of the condition, by finding the following:- 
 and who often get themselves into near-fatal trouble before a person or people of color swoop in to save the day. 
 "They see to be of a person who was born a wizard, but I do not know if this is a real persons thoughts, or some made up thoughts. 
 Things become even more difficult and it drains a person psychologically. 
 How does a person suddenly become beautiful? 
 BW: I second what Julie says about optimism, and thank her for being the most optimistic partner a person could want. 
 The longer a person uses a vibrating tool, and the faster the tool vibrates, the greater the risk. 
 An indication of whether a Community Perinatal Mental Health Partner Assessment has been offered to the partner of a PERSON in contact with a Specialist Perinatal Mental Health Community Service. 
 The rest of them I can understand as your political ideal, but how to you reason voting for a person who wants more nuclear waste brought in and wants to outlaw alcohol in a Casino/Party/Tourist driven state? 
 The FFP points a person onto the path to financial freedom. 
 a person needs. 
 Learned Helplessness is a belief that what a person does cannot alter his outcomes, that somehow life''s cards are stacked against him. 
 If there are complaints from different members about the behavior/attitude of a person in a leadership position within the current structure  and they are sufficient in number and seriousness
 The fact that Gus Gorman was portrayed as a jive-speaking idiot bugged me, but some of the stereotypes he alludes to -- a person who started drinking at age six  who bums off welfare cheques
 Then train your mind every day and, little by little, make it stronger, so that you can become a person who can ''generate'' your own energy 
 Being a person with integrity, he stunned the crowd by announcing his disapproval of the play. 
 Traumatic experiences like this can lead a person to become mad and an often diagnosed symptom is that the person in question is hearing voices. 
 If you are a person with a disability and you require this information in an alternative format
 A person who works as a mascot should drink more from excessive sweating. 
 A spelunker is a person who makes a hobby of exploring and studying caves. 
 The Minister for Immigration can release a person from detention by making a ''residence determination''. 
 A person with more blood (Latin sanguis) was optimistic  a person with more yellow bile (Greek kholē) was angry
 The style and cut of any item of clothing determines how well it looks on a person . 
 If I was a person in her group.... 
 This 10 minute performance gives the audience a chance to discuss a person or thing which they have lost. 
 Granted we only spent $70 after tip opposed to $200+ like you guys so we didn''t have nearly as much food, but at $200 a person that''s in high end fine dining territory! 
 when a person clicks the facebook share button o the page having long URL
 Images of certain animals are transferred to a person 
 The field of education has thus lost arguably its greatest figure of the last thirty years, a person whom I have described elsewhere as one of this century''s greatest voices of human emancipation. 
 It wasn''t very hard as all a person really needs is something like a board to lay on, a cloth and some containers of water. 
 I did go through a bit of a tuff time with a person I really didn''t get along with who was very insensitive towards me
 I do think any and all fragments of a person may linger on. 
 When a person states that "only the Lord has the answers"  it really means that such person still has questions or still queries
Over here the practice is, you bless after knowing a person is younger to >you or the person who receives your blessings is your desciple and you a >Guru/a saint. 
 If a person finds that they (like me) feel healthiest when eating a dozen eggs a week
 including Biblical law and later Talmudic and Rabbinic law  as well as customs and traditions  a person may only recite the blessing while it is still night. 
 a person clicks on the said banner. 
 a person develops on each of these levels. 
 A person becomes aware of patterns of behavior that harm, neglect, or demean other life. 
 The sign the Moon is in describes how a person is nurtured and nurturing. 
 A person subject to this chapter shall comply with the following provisions regarding security freezes. 
 A person living with clubfoot might be forced to walk on the sides of his feet or toes, or may not be able to walk at all. 
 Coming from a person who now knows both sides of the story I understand how difficult it can be for both parties! 
 The Ct. de Florida can never have any confidence in a person 
 When a person with HIV exhibits a condition associated with AIDS (an AIDS-defining condition). 
 a person living with obesity which does not seek to shame or blame, but be supportive and helpful. 
 ''twas the common talk in the City  that the Army was returning–I shall instantly dispatch a person to Derby  & as soon as he returns  will give you further information
 Overall though it was a very enjoyable broadcast and as a person who is traditionally a BBC News viewer it is interesting to see ''how the other half live'' so to speak. 
 The terminology ''pinged'' is referring to when a person is sent an alert by the App. 
 A person 
 He continued: "go ask a person over in Venezuela; ask them how did nationalization of their businesses work out. 
 a person to seek employment with that club or with the NFL'''' is also a violation of the NFL''s anti-tampering policy. 
 Whilst this didn''t really happen it was brilliant to see a person affected in this way as Darren had no idea what was going to happen. 
 Another reason why a person 
 I''m on the impression that a person should be able to show us the paths he followed to arrive to his conclusions
 Sällskapssjuk: A person who is bored and desperately need company, maybe a little clingy. 
 This myth can be damaging, because a person 
 If a person 
 Bladder cancer is basically the cancer which affects the urinary bladder in a person and is a condition in which the abnormal cells tend to multiply in the bladder uncontrollably. 
 Beauty is a characteristic of a person , animal, place, object, or idea that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure or satisfaction. 
 By section 171D Social Security Contributions and Benefits Act 1992 as amended: " ... Regulations may provide that a person shall be treated as capable of work, or as incapable of work, in such cases or circumstances as may be prescribed." 
 Where a person could use public transport but chooses instead to use their private vehicle
 Depending on what factors motivates a person to adopt a particular life style, technology still remains and integral part in behavior diversification. 
 The more benign you can make the environment, the better the chance a person has of calming down and recovering. 
 I am not one of these people myself, and have had no opportunity to analyze the actions of such a person in order to discover from the selection of forgetting the motive underlying the same. 
 A person or thing that is ostentatious is boastfully showy. 
 What I''m wondering is I read somewhere that the narrator is a person of color and the girl on here is totally white. 
 I thought the post you''re referring to was written by a person 
 a person . 
 I called him to discuss his experiences in the arts and their impact on him as a person . 
 It is only if a person is himself willing to learn a subject that it is possible to teach it to him. 
 To discern this further, one would consider a situation whereby the two firms had to interview a person but instead of Alex, they invite two different people. 
 mouth cancers will be newly diagnosed in about 132 new individuals each day in the US alone  and a person dies from oral cancer every hour of every day. 
 If a person became ill on the Sabbath, only enough treatment could be given to keep him alive. 
 For example a person with a $30,000 annual pension last year received $600 in cost of living allowance and for $50,000 - a $1,000 COLA. 
 In a restaurant, this is frequently a person who isn''t necessarily surly, but clearly doesn''t take the job seriously. 
 An endorsement, on the other hand, is any statement made by a person other than a current client or investor. 
 a person using a screen reader hears when they encounter your image) for your images. 
 the responsible body - Local Authority or NHS Trust - is reviewing the accommodation arrangements for a person who lacks capacity and there are no appropriate friends and family to consult. 
 Then a person 
 It removed language from the criminal code requiring a person to retreat if possible before using deadly force in self-defense. 
 for example  com- petitive strategies fligstein   labor relations in concrete terms  and see which method works for a person to use a legend or key. 
 to her you are a person and to us you are an issue. 
 Daily Living Interns share in the cooking, dishes and other regular household chores that a person would regularly do as part of daily living. 
 She''s a person and if someone compares her to a cat she might react with mild annoyance to it actually. 
 a person with no more evident professional expertise in breast cancer than Masson has. 
 How does a person judge which understanding is correct? 
 This is a person with serious mental issues, determined to wreak revenge for.... what, exactly? 
 This is a relevant scenario for a person who inherits a big chunk of money. 
 When a person is actively engaged in the process of learning they cannot help but be more invested in the outcome. 
 Since a person is more than intellect, learning is more than academic achievement. 
 A person may not engage in business as an insurance salvage pool without a license issued under section 1051. 
 A person to whom she attributes profound intelligence and a sarcastic sense of humour
 a person . 
 (I choose a person 
 Best doctor and staff a person could want. 
 As a person 
 skills  education  and advantages that a person has, which gives [him or her] a higher status in society. 
 When a person has an ureterocele
 a person familiar with the matter said. 
 over and over  how remarkable he was  how his quiet and unassuming demeanor was in fact just the outside covering of a person very deep, sensitive and loving. 
 The evening begins with a reception at 6:30 pm and costs $90 a person . 
 Being Vietnamese can certainly be defined by the community and by your own definition as a person with Vietnamese ancestry. 
 It is extremely rare for a person to be diagnosed with narcolepsy when he is in his 30s or 40s. 
 "If a person receives an e-mail or printed material by mail, save it and get it to us," Hedgepeth said. 
 A person 
 A terrorist is a person who will go to any level of creating violence for achieving what he desires. 
 Keep your expectations low and realistic in respect of any borderline personality disorder treatment that a person may be receiving. 
 Secondly, the term "prostitute" has a derogatory meaning and gives a person the image of a trashy woman. 
 A person 
 Under paragraph 11.15 of PACE Code C, a person 
 A person 
 Whether a person ll need to get fast money for automotive restoration  health charges  or other economic tragedy
 South Korea records no new domestic COVID-19 cases Doctors have concluded, however, that the antibodies a person develops after recovering from the virus should prevent reinfection. 
 a person indelibly, and in some sense I will always remain an American. 
 There is the unmistakable sense of a person thinking  of a person lost in reverie  (not unlike Cornell''s famous reveries)  perhaps sitting back in an armchair
 The invitation to "dialogue" is used as a weapon to wear a person down. 
 On the other hand, Mexican actually refers to a person , object or even a concept from Mexico, which is a country found in Latin America. 
 "It would be beneficial for the state board of education, when they are reviewing home schooling regulations, to have a person on the board that has actually been home educated. 
 Braces Ankle-Foot Orthotic Devices, or braces, help a person walk by keeping the ankle and foot in the correct position and providing support for the knee. 
 Once a person becomes a maid or matron of honor
 The story of his comeback is an incredible one, but Alex is equally incredible as a person   with his positive attitude  his humbleness and his determination to continue doing the things he had always done
 For example, initially, following a stroke a person 
 We do make sure that a person is credible before we are willing to publish something they wrote. 
 As a person gets older, aging-related maladies may affect their quality of life. 
 One can be sure that if a person learned how to distinguish between a wheat and barley seed  or between a garment of wool and that of cotton
 I could see it being scary to a person who has only played one or two horror games, or only seen one or two horror movies before. 
 She is a person who is willing to listen to others and  while she has undoubtedly made errors in her career
 (3) Where a person 
 God forbid they''d book a person of color. 
 It is clear that the Respondent believed that they could treat a person on a fixed term contract differently than a person on a contract of indefinite duration. 
 When I saw an image of a person blocking parts of the sky, I knew that I was in the right place. 
 Verse 17 gives two commands concerning such a person : to "mark" them and "avoid" them. 
 A person who is found to be dishonest  violent or unfit to exercise rights of entry to workplaces is  I think  very arguably
 In my class, each student must write a business letter to a person they admire. 
 or even a person who is a distant relative or acquaintance. 
 Company literature says officers should limit the number of times a person is tased, avoid specific body parts such as the chest and head, and be watchful for people with health problems. 
 Communicating your message with confidence is one of the most important customer service skills a person can possess. 
 An employee of a farm does not include a person who is employed for the primary purpose of installing a new electrical installation. 
 Can we actually pinpoint how many races a person is mixed with. 
 Sick Person: Rescue 11 responded to a report of a person whose tongue was stuck on a piece of dental equipment. 
 Winfrey said she doesn''t agree with all of Jay-Z''s music, but she took a liking to him as a person . 
 It matters to me that a person holds true to their CV
 Behavior, as mentioned, is how well or poorly a person actually corresponds to a stimuli or anything that stimulates (activates a person''s thought and actions) him. 
 [Ed. – Americans would too, on the understanding that such free speech will probably subject a person to surveillance by law enforcement. 
 When perception grows, it becomes finer in structure, like a net, and in the same moment the inner space of a person   spirit and soul  can grow
 Tax breaks lower tax liability for a person , business or other entity. 
 The offence of grievous sexual assault is committed when a person commits an act which constitutes grievous sexual assault on another person without that person''s consent
 For a person who likes to shoot a black rifle for $ 2 500 produced by companies such as Lewis Machine and Tool  Black Rain Ordnance
 There may be a touch of Stockholm syndrome in there because anytime I see a person of color or a female in the Republican party or the conservative movement or the Tea Party
 As my tiny contribution, when a person tells me they don''t need science to tell them what is going on
 Whether or not such a person has an real legal authority is an issue, of course, but no matter what they will have influence. 
 It flabbergasts me that a person of such high stature would stoop so low. 
 A person preaching, asking, you know, praying, "Help our youth." 
 Healthy Behavior is an action taken by a person to maintain, attain, or regain good health and to prevent illness. 
 They target operational with the necessity of a person and that they square measure within the same approach suited conference those needs. 
 Having toe joints sticking out can cause them to rub and a person may walk differently, risking other foot conditions, such as metatarsalgia. 
 so that the legal advantages of marriage  in areas such as health-care and inheritance  should accrue to whomever a person chooses to recognize as their primary life-partner  even if that should be a parent
 He is among those of whom it is said [Jeremiah 17:5]: "Cursed be a person who trusts in mortals." 
 A person 
 The visible difference involving a particular person ending up with a extremely fast let lose or a person 
 Could a person really be heartless enough to build such a weapon intentionally? *And why not?* the scientist part of Lucas demanded
 One of the things Wiscon asks for, when a person fills out the program participant questionnaire
 That was not the truth, however, as Sanaki doesn''t have any real problems with her as a person . 
 The Town Clerk reported that on 1st October 1915 he had prosecuted a person for stealing shellfish from the foreshore belonging to the corporation
 Did you know they automatically tag a person for sending out more than x amount of messages in three minutes? 
 Essentially, the brain does not respond at all to the normal triggers that would cause a person to breathe or take a breath. 
 With passage of New York''s SAFE Act, mental health professionals are pointing out that it is impossible for a person to speculate on how dangerous an individual could be without having met them face-to-face. 
 I don''t even believe that a person necessarily needs formal medical training to offer quality care. 
 Explaining the psiscape to a person who couldn''t see it was like explaining colours to a colour blind person. 
 When a person does not find an alternate, he chooses the present option, either easy or difficult. 
 This was another shock for the series of my ideals and then I developed a belief that I might never come to find a person who should be perfect from all regards. 
 I walked for some time and reached to a place where a person was closing down his hut. 
 a person . 
 A person commits suicide when he losses all the hopes from the future. 
 She is truly devoted to you as a person and friend. 
 "Payer" means a person   business or organization that is making a payment to You  or receiving a bill or invoice from You
 Getting a gum lift is the same as getting a face lift if a person is not happy with their wrinkles or saggy eyelids; it is simply a cosmetic procedure to improve the appearance and thus
 a crucial constituency  if it were clearly spelled out by HHS who is a person living with HIV on PACHA. 
 i was in a accident with a person who ean a red light  when the police officer called the company and gave insurance policy number
 But when a person markets the items in a direct manner that shows how they are used in sex, it is considered criminal obscenity. 
 where a person cannot remove the construction or teeth... 
 Biofeedback is a technique that is used to help a person gain more control over the involuntary functions. 
 As there is no way to test the level of emotional healing a person has experienced, we have only the declaration of the person who has been healed. 
 interview  and present as a witness Marcel Morale  a person interviewed by the police after the shooting who resided within sight of the school. 
 Because the heart is where He writes His law when a person is born again (Hebrews 8:10). 
 She develops as a person 
 Based on previous police work, officers acquired a cellphone number of a person who allegedly sells heroin in the area. 
 Measures can be a great method to reveal that you proper care, but words can have a curing power when a person is suffering from a demanding situation. 
 Although it has not been definitively shown in studies, people think they can definitively show when a person last used marijuana by evaluating the ratios of these three substances. 
 As a person with Acadian heritage, she loves being near Grand Pre. 
 acceptance of) a proposition is not an all-or-none affair; rather  it is a matter of degree  and the extent to which a person 
 and the liver can release glucose into the blood hours after a person has eaten. 
 I can only say that from my experience that lack of empathy and expression of anger on the part of a person with Asperger''s is very different from that of a person with NPD. 
 It became a status symbol because it identified one as a person of wealth, a business owner perhaps and certainly a person 
 How much is a person allowed to earn and still talk about poverty? 
 Natural migration to Universal Credit is required when a person needs to claim new support because of a change of circumstances. 
 How and what a person desires is a representation of their heart and mind. 
 This highlights the inherent problem for any biographer to capture in the written word a person of Gurdjieff''s great complexity, magnitude and spiritual evolution. 
 To a person of my age, Goodfellas was my Godfather. 
 Come to think of it, I am yet to find a person 
 Linus: ... A person is right handed because the left side of his brain is dominant. 
 If a person becomes ineligible for MA for more than one reason  determine if the increased child support  spousal maintenance
 a person qualifies for Medicare Part D. 
 It weighs heavily on a person ! 
 But, the more autographs a person signs, and the more signatures you can find to compare with, the greater the likelihood that it''s the real thing. 
 185 Pages ISBN: 0972614206 The dictionary defines Hero as " a person noted for feats of courage or nobility of purpose, especially one who has risked or sacrificed his or her life." 
 When a person performs a rule or standard merely to attract attention and or glorify their own actions, that is legalism! 
 (9) A love for the opposite sex in a person is not the origin of conjugial love  but it is its first stage
 it still remains problematic how and why are potential abilities of a person actualized under one conditions, and are not under the other ones; 
 Dating is finding that perfectly settled successful person, Relationship is ending up in a person you feel connected to and thereby making him successful. 
 We are not focusing on God as a Person to be worshipped as a King and Judge (level 2 thinking
 They pay no attention at all to what is in a person inwardly, only to what is visible outwardly; and if this is seen by them to be holy they think that what is inward is so too. 
 My XALATAN is does anybody know of a person between the two at all? 
 Restricted Release is the label the PA DOC gives a person when they want to warehouse them in long term solitary confinement. 
 A person who is attached to objects of sense is not a strong person. 
 So the more often a person update your website  the particular higher it is page ranking will be
 a person will have to pay monthly payments to one online payday lender. 
 a person physical life under virtual identity. 
 A person could interact many times with a brand online but never buy the product
 However it will die off thereby enables a person a sleepless nights because of male infertility. 
 The video of a person 
 Where "education" means not what a person has learned, but is the unspoken stamp of approval of an institution that ''people'' will respect. 
 Reading Mark Hamilton''s Neothink Heirloom''s has moved me from being a person who had given up on love, to a person who has deep faith in love''s power to heal the divisiveness that is the human experience existing in today''s world. 
 but there is certainly a distinction made between a White person and a person from Russia. 
 supplier  associated company  or agency of the Promoter; or a person who the Promoter has previously notified is not eligible to enter. 
 But if a person is exploring or transitioning genders
 When a person does not have exclusive dominion over their property they cannot rightly claim ownership. 
 A person who suffers from scienitis (i.e., an inflamed scientific mind)... 
 By continuously interacting with folks, you identify your self in their minds as a person and no longer a industry automaton. 
 Amendment No 141 is intended to clarify what is meant by "serious harm" to a person in clause 137. 
 I am, however, aware that new amendments to the Bill have been proposed by the UK Department of Education to allow for a person to be a member of a board if he or she has experience of representing or promoting students'' interests. 
 Each candidate should have the character of a person with integrity and honesty and with respect for his constituents and anyone else in the public. 
 I had a similar find in some Orvis flies of old and saved them until I found a person who would really appreciate them and made a trade for them of several flies I would use. 
 "It will be very difficult for a person like that to be honest and forthright about their condition," Robbins said. 
 a person who appears to have a sense of entitlement at others expense
 a person stop. 
 Its mechanisms were first proposed by a person or group of people writing under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008. 
 Travel that we do, if a person can go to office which is say 10 km away by cycle rather than car, then they are saving 2 kg of greenhouse gas emissions. 
 But do words warrant instituting a ban on a person ? 
 and it turns out to be uncannily close to what makes a person a person..." 
 At approximately 4 pm on Saturday, Anchorage dispatch was alerted that the remains of a person were found at the base of a cliff near the 35000-block of Eklutna Lake Road. 
 Take a look at someone''s ticket stubs and you''re likely to catch at least a glimpse of what is important to a person . 
 Part of the problem with being a person who mostly takes in history through osmosis is that if history is not visibly present, it doesn''t get absorbed. 
 The Four Pillars Chart is derived from the Date of Birth of a Person using the Chinese Solar Calendar, which is also known as the Hsia Calendar or Farmer''s Calendar. 
 How does a person keep track of re-awakenings? 
 thesauruses  lexical inventories  and mood check-lists filled out by a person in the course of a day. 
 I mean, really: if you were a Buddhist monk, which would you find more offensive: a pair of shoulders or a person still smirking over an ad campaign from 1998? 
 So I can think of a person consuming everything he earns and defaulting on a house loan in one period. 
 signs  symbols  types (which are defined as " a person or thing symbolizing or exemplifying the ideal of something) and shadows. 
 I do remind my radiologist, who I adore, that I am a person and he has to look at that too. 
 Canine Companions provides trained dogs for free to qualified candidates, but I don''t know the specifics except a person needs to be able to handle a leash with their hands. 
 the secret for which  lying in the fact that he was never herd to speak ill of a person in his life. 
 in a way that acknowledged my worth as a person –I surprised myself by rediscovering my own inner worth (self-love)  which startlingly  in turn
 for example  will not allow a killer to pick up a knife  or  will not allow a person to access the poison to commit suicide. 
 who stubbornly opposes the very saving grace of God  will obtain no mercy and his sin remains unforgiven  and such a person perishes. 
 , an illustrious philosopher, soldier, and historian, was an Athenian, the son of Gryllus, a person of high rank, and was born in the third year of the eightysecond Olympiad, or B. C. 450. 
 However a person 
 Does a beard or a bald head always make a person look masculine? 
 It also makes such a person unsociable and unwilling to accept help. 
 The measure of faith that a person possesses is an individual matter between that person and God. 
 It is often described as a psychotic illness due to the difficulty a person faces in the ability to distinguish their thoughts (due to illness) from reality. 
 In contrast, someone who ends up as a successful designer is probably a person whose energy and intellectual satisfaction comes from solving someone else''s problem. 
 at the end of the day  to each and every decision of the US forces--if a person tries to follow all of that  surely a person should be able to conjure up the fact that here is a single
 Nonetheless, shooting a person for a traffic violation is grossly disproportionate. 
 As a result of repentance and faith in Jesus Christ as one''s only hope of salvation, a person now obeys God''s command. 
 There are times when a person will feel like a human pressure cooker that is ready to explode. 
 These can often result in a person trusting in something other than God for their relief. 
 The devil knows that if he can get a person to resist godly correction by putting some wrong thinking in their thoughts, that ultimately the person may perish. 
 47–Love–These Cannot Separate Us From the Love of God Faith– A Person That Loses Their Faith No Longer Stands List–Things That Happen By Faith 
 The more a person looks back and thinks about his past hurts  rejections  and other things
 First a person must be called by God. 
 At the time, there was a severe shortage of teachers, and a one-year program at the Tuxedo Normal School qualified a person to teach. 
 Handwriting School of India provide a complete and comprehensive solution to all the handwriting related needs of a person . 
 The following two tables clearly illustrate how totally avoidable Profit Tax is deducted from SSA and MSA of a person on minimum balance amounts recorded in each financial year excluding the previous or last taxed amount. 
 and a person may not even know that they''re being exposed to this potent and dangerous opioid.15 
 By the end of the novel, I''d developed a deep admiration for DC Smith as a person 
 You''ll find institutions and classes which will a person 
 He "has to say, that a person in that condition has probably already lost the heaven of which he or she feels so assured" (p. 31). 
 Jay, the dishy part of me would love to hear all about the details about you being selected as a person for a Daily Show clip. 
 Could a person 
 A person is stabbed. 
 The next day they left Laval; and on the way, while the carriage was stopping, a person 
 And how much ''training'' does it take to search a person and their bag for alcohol? 
 One fall is not sufficient for a person to be lost nor are many if they love You and not the things of the world. 
 Recently, I was ambushed on one of the city''s many shared pathways – no buildings, not a person in sight, just nature for company and yet I was ambushed: I paused and ''smelt the roses''. 
 Tragically it can even lead to suicide as a person can feel their life no longer has meaning without the other person in it. 
 A person who moves here to get a job  and intends to leave soon
 So if a person asks someone to do something
 but I forever encourage them to have a real  substantial  and life-changing relationship with a Person ! 
 Those accommodations are included in the attached guidelines which provide alternatives to allow a person to observe and comment at public meetings. 
 As a person called Methodist, I am active in the church and try to be active in the denomination. 
 I can declare that it is extremely genuine that brand name provide a person top quality pockets, yet not generally. 
 For Ántonia, her time in town was an experience, a person she tried and used up. 
 Aside from anyone else, though, Koling reflected about what the victory means for him, both as a person and a professional disc golfer. 
 It challenges the animal to perform a task analogous to that of a person learning that right-hand faucets deliver cold water and left-hand ones, hot. 
 It just faintly rankled in her that a person who was good enough and to spare for Milly Theale shouldn''t be good enough for another girl; though  oddly enough
 It is true . . . a really good orgasm can free a lot of energy and do a great deal of very positive good for a person , a couple, for society at large. 
 Players who think they''re talking to a bot when they''re really talking to a person interpret Chatbot''s replies as "really good AI!" 
 As the concept of "Big Data" has become mainstream, many qualitative researchers from Genevieve Bell (Big Data as a person ) to Kate Crawford (algorithmic illusion  data fundamentalism)
 Humanitarian parole is a means of bringing a person who is otherwise inadmissible into the United States for a temporary period of time due to a compelling emergency. 
 Our first objective was to make sure that even if we made some mistake, there was still no way to harm a person . 
 I''m hard pressed to think of a person who doesn''t like music. 
 A leader is a person who takes charge of leading a group or community of people to the defined and designated goal. 
 Whenever getting a smartphone, be sure a person genuinely need a single. 
 I agree that naming primarily represents insight into a person , but essentially all the time it also indicates authority, authorized or not and recognized or not. 
 It came with a side of lecture about my weight and what the proper percentage of body fat is for a person so that''s always nice. 
 Using the Dropbox checksum strategy, it is obvious which files are unique to a person as they aren''t also owned by other people. 
 Order here has the sense which has been noted in connection with keep order and keep a person in order. firearms == Arms for firing
 women able to turn into crows to be able to observe a person in their home, waiting for them to fall asleep. 
 The devil is not a person but the embodiment of selfishness and self-seeking. 
 Here Paul is speaking about a person who he criticized in 1 Cor. 5:1-5. 
 Garcinia Cambogia for weight loss also lowers the body''s level of cortisol, the stress hormone that causes a person to carry a lot of extra fat around the mid-section, while increasing the body''s level of serotonin. 
 To appreciate this point suppose somebody asked a person to cover his navel with the trousers. 
 At that time the estate appears to have been managed by a person called Crees Wheeler who sold Alverstone to Sir James Worsley of Appuldurcombe in 1537/8. 
 by Jo Ann Vrabel, Staff Writer Sometimes a person years for the nostalgic times of yesteryears  when dogs and boys with sticks chased hoops down small town streets
 This is a picture of a person wanting free from sin and Satan and not making Christ the Lord of their life. 
 Few still believe that it takes the moving of the Spirit of God to genuinely save a person from their sin. 
 A person called a "deacon" is  I am informed  allowed to preach and do a great many things
 The note did say that a person wished to meet her in the library, didn''t say who it was, or why. 
 Hon. Minister pointed out that as a person in close relation with the journalists, he is well aware of their feelings in relation to this proposal. 
 Any object, or even a person , might be dedicated by vow to the altar. 
 What a person does with his or her clothes off should, I think, be that person''s business. 
 We presume that a person generally won''t need to work on all scenes at once. 
 "I am sick to my very soul of playing a role for you, and I am fed up with everyone treating me like a trophy rather than a person ! 
 There was a person beyond the page of the stories told, and a soul inside the mask." 
 A person 
 Whether a person was in California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose must be determined by examining all of the facts. 
 voluntary assumption of equality with a person > regarded as inferior. 
 Even in a real church that is not destructive a person will not agree with everything. 
 A person is likely to be the most complex scenario, since it involves IC, OOC and RL. 
 a person . 
 This all gave me a good academic viewpoint of how things transpired, but that can only really take a person so far. 
 Harry nodded slowly, "So you mean that after taking this mixed potion a person will feel lust but cannot act upon it as he would be too sleepy to do so?" 
 Function: A reference to a person who accepted a shared record.. 
 Shri Mataji also talked about bringing the Spirit into the brain, which spiritually transforms a person . 
 Name change generally refers to the legal act by a person of adopting a new name different from their name at birth, marriage or adoption.. 
 Wedding is one the most special days in the life of a person . 
 Your relationship and personal feelings about a person can definitely be reflected when you write an article or give a review on something they have done. 
 That is, that no matter what evil a person does, they are committing it because it will do some good to themselves or those they love. 
 For example, if a person already had many judgments against him/her, we would probably not recommend this person be sued. 
 In this case, it is related to a person or  rather
 Now, imagine I''m a person who doesn''t know any PHP. 
 Required for Court Wear, lace was so necessary to advancement, place at court, and recognition as a person of taste and culture, that aristocrats and nobility were known to mortgage or sell estates to obtain it. 
 if a person ''re also searching for a suitable carrier for your person, A Louis Vuitton Females can be a imperishable alternative. 
 I don''t like her as a person , but I do like character growth, and it''s obvious that Kellen is going through some character growth pains. 
 Straight bail means that a person has to post the entire amount of the bail in order to be released. 
 Acute severe sunburns, especially at younger ages, predispose a person to more skin cancers later in life. 
 If a person sets up such a trap to protect his/her property
 The monarch or the borough''s lord upon payment of a fixed sum granted this right to a person . 
 The way a person stands or sits is his posture. 
 Private power means the power vested in a person and not as an agent for the state. 
 The mark of a true saint is a person who is a reactionary to events in their own historical timeline. 
 While his parents believed in their physical and intellectual education of Leode, they viewed Leode as a person who always had a penchant for finding trouble and thoroughly enjoying it when he could. 
 ingested as a pain-reducer for whatever emotional ills ail a person . 
 If the poem is about a person , decide if this person is meant to be the poet (literally), someone a bit like him or her, or someone wholly different. 
 however they in addition placed a person in reserve like a style icon such as the American pilots before you decide to. http://www.2013-sunglasses.com/ 
 To sum up, forever stamps are one of the most valuable stamps a person can buy as they will be able to use them at any time of day, even when the postal prices rise. 
 If a person has an average credit length of 20 years, then this person most likely is at least 30 years old. 
 I saw a person who said I guess I am going to die since this one Alternative doctor didn''t know enough to help him. 
 I never know when a sick call is coming, when a person might need to talk, or when funerals will come. 
 Heart, soul, mind, will, and spirit are different views of the same immaterial substance of a person .. 
 a person having ordinary skill in the art to which said subject matter pertains." 
 a person formerly enjoyed as set forth in the definition of loss of enjoyment of life. 
 A secondary qualifying agent refers to a person who possesses the requisite skill  knowledge  and experience  and has the responsibility to supervise  direct
 We cannot err by sustaining life and allowing God to make the decision as to when and where and how a person will join Him; however  when we take it upon ourselves to pretend to know this  we are in moral jeopardy
 We will review and consider the same for deletion and / or permanently blocking contents from such a person . 
 The more a person returns to your blog, the greater their feeling of loyalty towards you becomes! 
 On 20 Aug 16, at 1650hrs, in Tripoli, a personal dispute escalated into a fistfight between a former axes commander and a person from the area. 
 A few more years went by when I joined Twitter and saw a comment about a person called Simon Wessely being granted the John Maddox Prize, for his courage in science. 
 You may know a person with an annoying habit of speech or mannerism. 
 Modern complex drug detoxification is a first step to return to a normal state, when a person feels good and is capable to control his/her behavior. 
 Pet-related (the coyote attacked a person who was walking a pet, trying to save a pet from a coyote attack, or was just near a domestic pet at the time of attack) 
 a person 
 a person to the Lacanian Real
 a) A person sporting a big moustache must be a ruffian and a non-conformist. 
 Suffice it so say that it changed me as a person . 
 It would be highly unusual for a healthcare provider to recommend that a person take two different ARBs at the same time. 
 That might not make one a model, but it will make a person healthier and feel better for a longer portion of whatever lifespan one has. 
 He was a person with many talents, a big heart and always saw the best in people. 
 but a person must look out when checking out these houses because they may be more of a risk than a savings. 
 We may fear to show compassion because we fear making a person dependent upon us, or lazy. 
 For a person with no verbal speech capability, use woman without speech. 
 where a person lists all their strengths and skills. 
 Keep in mind I liked Kebab as a person , but not the botting. 
 Imagine a section of the people want a person like her to have no education, job or even leave home. 
 If a person like you needs ragging to remove your weaknesses, then what else should one say? 
 One of the acknowledgements at the beginnig of the book was of a person I used to play ultimate with. 
 When a person brings in an item to a pawn shop he receives a loan for it. 
 my life was a wreck because I didn''t have the feel good brain chemistry of a person who was firing on all cylinders from making better choices. 
 The fact that a person is, in fact, stimming does not mean you should stop them from doing whatever it is they''re doing to stim. 
 a person who got asbestosis 25 years earlier from the same exposure. 
 (Note: A person should gradually build up to dosages above 100 mg.) 
 And it''s consistent with theoretical models of suicide risk, where, basically, what self-injury does is makes a person capable of taking that next step through, through, ah, increased tolerance for pain, and... 
 Five Asses. started for the Bridle, which was likewise won by one belonging to a person of Ken. The Bull was brought to the ring about 3 O''Clock  and after three hours baiting
 What makes a person decide whether to move on or stick out a disaster whose repercussions won''t be fully understood for decades? 
 I a person who loves gadgets and is very comfortable around technology, so it takes a lot to impress. 
 It may even be necessary to exclude a person from the sittings whose mental attitude or emotional characteristics include a factor of hostility
 But yes, the second seems more probable, if only because a person in a room is more likely to be standing away from a wall than near one. 
 It literally means THIS, and the sense is that a person does something difficult, but there is very little "room for error". 
 to provide any alcoholic beverage to a person under 21 or to any obviously intoxicated person (CA Business and Professions Code 25658; 25602) 
 Rarely, if ever, when we say a person is orthodox do we mean he exhibit''s the love and grace and mercy and humility commanded in the New Testament. 
 A person interested in educating himself about any of those issues can  in a matter of months or years
 I also love reading the effect of a poem on a person . 
 and experiencing such a thing tends to make a person an advocate. 
 So, if your partner is generally a person you like/interact well with/feel safe with the rest of the time  then there you go
 That if you are a person 
 It prohibits a person 
 a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of our common stock. 
 a person associated with it bribes another person
 I first smelt this from a person 
 Here''s the context: A person is compiling a list of all these places in a specific city that use green energy. 
 That kind of loyalty (to a person , not a set of ideals) isn''t really seen as a virtue on the left. 
 Booyi can also free a person of a warra wirrin helping heal them
 How do we understand the figure of Donald Trump as a person both vilified and worshiped? 
 "Whatever your ''twang'' is defines you as a person ." 
 Federalists - a person whosupported a strong federal government over the states. 
 Those can end up paralyzing a person and thereby limit their choices for moving forward. 
 How much do I like a person ? 
 The total income is different in case of a person resident in India and a person non-resident in India. 
 her manners were those of a person who had moved in a respectable spit la in life, was indicted for having stolen a blanket, a counterpane, and son: : 
 One of the team did say to me, and I quote, that ''it is just not possible for a person with autism to learn to communicate very well or think about other''s feelings''. 
 A person 
 Namely, thirty years of age, the years in life at which a person should be independent. 
 These values feed into beliefs that a person should remain loyal to familiar brands rather than switching around or trying new brand experiences. 
 Fortunate Subject Occurs $76,598.13 Jackpot At the time of Basic Time precious time At HollywoodCasino.com Perform a person really like via the internet on-line casinos? 
 But as courteous of a person I am, I generally HATE waiting to eat. 
 If that is the case. such a person will love talking to me because I''m just a walking mass of errors ready to spill out for all to see. 
 As a person within a group that is undoubtedly extremely fortunate and privileged, I''m scared that I have been doing the same. 
 a person so active in his church that he does not have time for anything else. 
 For example, a person may catch his finger in a door and react with a degree of anger. 
 A person enslaved can be bought, inherited or traded for camels, cars and weapons. 
 Show me a person who hates Perl, and I''ll show you a person who doesn''t grok regex. 
 And I''m sorry, just because Roberta Williams was part of a husband and wife team doesn''t mean she counts as half a person . 
 He also established that dental health is a solid indicator of the overall health of a person , preparing the stage for today''s idea and understanding that oral health and general health are intertwined. 
 If one of the two parents is a balanced translocation carrier ( a person who has part of chromosome 21 attached [translocated] to another chromosome)
 A bail bondsman is a person , bank institution, agency, or insurance company that acts as a surety like the bail bonds company in Michigan. 
 A person who coordinates events would know this. 
 A person that is new to the world of FOREX trading needs to understand the difference between the two basic trading strategies. 
 I''ll bet  who are engaged in conflicts around the world due to in-bred prejudices  or pre-conceived notions about a person or persons. 
 A licence within the meaning of Section 52 (Chapter VI) of the Indian Easement Act of 1882 is an agreement "by which a person 
 Also: deputable, deputation (a deputing; a person or persons deputed). 
 I actually kind of feel sorry for OSC as a person , because I think his bigotry goes beyond simple bigotry well into the realm of mental illness. 
 a person . 
 A person 
 No legal aid will be available for advising a person or drafting the appeal, and therefore this situation is unlikely to arise in practice. 
 Proponents of change argued that battlefields are not usually named for a person   much less the defeated leader
 I just wonder how US could vote in a person 
 When a superb motion picture trailer will come on, you are observing Tv set a person 
 Asked directly about bin Laden at a March 2003 press conference, Bush responded: "He''s a person who''s now been margimalized.... 
 When engaged with a person in crisis, King warns against losing your broader danger scan to tunnel vision. 
 the dorsal attention network (a set of brain regions active when a person is looking into space), and the salience network (a set of brain regions active in identifying important stimuli). 
 and we take precautions against marrying a person deserted for any other cause then adultery. 
 He''s a PERSON   which is something rare to find in writing
 A person buying from retail will Not buy a 770 board because low end 880G/970 are their official replacement. 
 but is limited to how to apply the "value" into a title threads. as in the following example. if when a person can choose the HTML or CSS
 An Abu Sayaf cell, including a person suspected of beheading American hostage Guillermo Sobero, is now in custody. 
 high in the seat  and preferably that has arms to help a person easily sit down and get up. 
 He was a person of extremely rare talent. 
 eJournal: Having the attorney submit it as a supplemental report suggests a very useful tool for a person who remembers details that need to be reflected in the official record as their minds settle. 
 Hoover''s Connect is designed to provide an effective, nonintrusive way for its users to connect to a person 
 The connotation of proprietary ranges from neutral (simply stating that a person has possessions) to negative. 
 The Highest a person can go is 3 Hits on a single target. 
 a person balanced) is generally a good thing, or at least natural (not that they''re the same thing). 
 Moreover, change is a necessary outcome of growth; neither a plant nor a person can grow without there being change. 
 This is why unless one has reached that level of consciousness a person is not going to need guidance of God therefore he will not look for it. 
 With welfare a person has no choice. 
 a person with poor hygiene. 
 However, if a person has homosexual tendencies, or selfish tendencies, and a person comes to a sincere and thoughtful decision that these tendencies are wrong
 Seeing the days go by without me growing as a person . 
 I don''t suppose a person would have much luck with the HUGE companies in some states
 Now, onto the point: you wish to imply Koran is saying a person can marry someone with no sound judgement! 
 Whatever rhetoric a person can spin, there are warning signs to be aware of when a person seeks to dominate a conversation for their own benefit. 
 (Yes, they can finally measure it!) At lower frequencies, dis-eases can manifest and a person can experience struggle  illness  accidents  victimhood  anger  shame  guilt
 This approach can also be a way of involving a person with dementia in the research process and give voice to their experience. 
 Father Ron, I don''t share Ian Paul''s theology, but as a person who takes a nuanced approach to the Bible  and who passionately supports equal ordination and social justice
 To help sleeping consequently this kind of machine may kill then book a person learn a moment, excellent connected with girl available there exists a check out at our lives cool. 
 Maybe things need to be changed to appeal to a broader audience but what does a person expect from a superhero movie? 
 No Arminian would disagree with the teaching that God graces a person to believe in Christ Jesus. 
 so that if you urgently essential to appear a person up
 In a nutshell, that theory applies when, given the particular situation, a person 
 For the death of a person weighing 75 kg we need 6 liters of water. 
 Apparently, a person 
 An organization event coordinator is a person who submits a request to use a facility. 
 Of course, intentional conduct directed toward an individual in their state is a driving force behind subjecting a person to that state''s jurisdiction. 
 Placement helps a person in placing the illegal money in the legal financial institution. 
 Note that only the administrator of a board (or a person with the ''Jira Administrators'' global permission) can configure a board. 
 Now that Katya is deemed to have value as a romantic interest, she is therefore given value as a person , and Arkadys goal is clear: to court her. 
 They saw a person of middle age  plainly and rather carelessly dressed
 The Rambam says this clearly: "The joy that a person 
 Intestate is a person who dies without a legal will. 
 Sadly, some were probably afraid of being outed–as a person who would fall for the Junior G.I. badge. 
 It helps in controlling blood sugar levels that fluctuate when a person suffers from hyperthyroidism. 
 A person 
 I feel sure that, in every case, a person is entitled to reasons for punishments inflicted on him by competent authorities. 
 It is cowardly to kill a person even under an apprehension that he is likely to kill us. 
 When a person is under the influence of his or her passions  she or he must seek solitude
 When we do this, we''ll see that healing is as much, if not more, about Jesus displaying his power as it is about a person receiving the restoration that they seek. 
 Thanks for sharing superb post this is wonderful game great for a person 
 My upbringing was one where, when a person died  they either went to live forever with Christ in perfect bliss in Heaven
 When you want a sound sleep a person should look with regard to split king adjustable beds. 
 And. most importantly, in each of these instances it means neither we nor God give special treatment to a person because of his position, merit, wealth, influence, social standing, authority or popularity. 
 For example, a woman of color is discriminated against both as a woman and as a person of color. 
 to the spray cloud at the time of the application only  from a single pass of a sprayer  based on a person standing 8 metres from the spray boom. 
 S: (n) vassal, liege, liegeman, liege subject, feudatory (a person holding a fief; a person who owes allegiance and service to a feudal lord) 
 What fascinates me most about Father Sergius is that, even as a person lacking religious beliefs
 A person who isn''t happy can''t achieve the transcendence necessary for a winning performance." 
 Stopping every seventeen centimeters (fourteen furlongs) on the road is wearing on a person . 
 Coach, you know I believe in the right kind of character and moral leadership and I canâ€TMt stand (118) to see a person of his type as leader and Coach of any athletics and a great many students feel the sameâ€¦â€ 
 There are a number of herbs and other natural remedies that a person can use to improve their chances of beating diabetes. 
 The abuser doesn''t relate to hir partner as a person in hir own right, but as a symbol of a significant other. 
 A person with even the most advanced case of BDS must realize on some level that the world is full of evil men who are out to kill us
 What you are also going to learn, if you are such a person   is that besides coming through under different circumstances
 One, for instance, could ask for the new friends that a person obtained between some version and its previous one. 
 For example, a query that asks about how friends of a person change (e.g., friends added and/or deleted) belongs in this category. 
 Nupur, Congratulations on your participation in this conference - you are indeed a person of multiple talents! 
 On his campus visit, he got the feeling that "I''d be treated as a person here, like I''d become part of a family. 
 Can still picture you with that smile a person will never forget and laugh. 
 Implicit condition is cared about in, meaning outside sound, reservation is not shown, daydream making a person , reflect beauty of a kind of connotation. 
 Prof. Peter Stephens received the following letter from a person with a BA degree in physics. 
 This is how long it takes a person to save for retirement starting from a multiple of their income (\(\frac{m_0}{I}\)). 
 Second, if a person pays nothing to an organisation they have no stake in it. 
 Hence, a person in management will often approach a "union" man with as many preconceptions as the union man approaches him. 
 An example of this would be persuading a person that a rubber hand is their own, which is very easy, according to Professor Ehrsson. 
000 investment within an ABLE account is unlikely to improve the tax picture for a person who is eligible for SSI or Medicaid. 
 a person . 
 She adored her guru, saw him as a person , imagined living at the ashram, raising his baby. 
 The team also tested their system on livers similar to those donated after a person has died from cardiac arrest, which in practice often go unused because they are frequently severely damaged. 
 That can make a person downright ornery. 😊 
 This sounds like I am talking about her as a person - which, of course, I am not. 
 For instance, it''s very easy for a person in our society to believe that a cracker literally is the son of God. 
 The riot statute (6 CMC § 3102)states: (a) A person commits the offense of rioting if he or she assembles with two or more other persons and together with the latter
 In this study, results showed a simple lack of smile can make people feel that a person is angry and cause them to withdraw or avoid interaction. 
 It''s certainly not hard to imagine a person losing friends and family because they admitted to being an atheist. 
 Once a person becomes EHS life is never the same. 
 For example, low vision may make it difficult for a person to see markings indicating safe walkways in areas where machinery operates. 
 In some cases a person 
 Let C denote how much the insurance company charges such a person for such a policy. 
 It''s natural to feel skittish about defending a person or a larger principle if you prefer to blend into the background. 
 If a court determines that a person does not lack all decision making capacity
 The criticism isn''t a reflection of my feelings about them as a person but rather a reflection of how they are performing professionally. 
 So how is it that a person who has one tinieth part of them (which part by the way?) that is Native cannot feel acceptance
 When can a court assert authority over a person ? 
 The explicit things that give a person notice include those that follow. 
 Public space starts about twelve feet from a person and extends out from there. 
 written communication in which a message is read  and nonverbal communication involving observing a person and inferring meaning. 
 What could be more idiotic and cowardly then arresting a person who is from China and in another Country
 So you think, that reviewing a book of a person her husbnd had a very public "disagreement" is the right thing to do? 
 P.S. If Steam was a person , it would be the spliting image of Justin bieber. 
 2) ( a person who looks after something: the guardian of the castle.) der Hüter 
 only a presence not a person , only a concept not a person, only a feeling 
 Not just improving my writing, but as a person too. 
 Each step counts, and it is up to a person to choose what success means to them. 
 [C, usually pl.] a soldier or a male worker who obeys the instructions of a person of higher rank • 士兵;(男性)工人: 
 each family of the village contributed a person to participate the action of planting new trees in the collective forests
 Biting a person is the last measure, for a snake. 
 a person has been sentenced in Part II of the 1991 Act. 
 Turn yourself into a person who tackles every task with courage. 
 a person loses a child. 
 ABLE funds can be used for anything that helps improve the health, independence or quality of life of a person with a disability. 
 Approximately 1 year after a person acquires infection from contaminated drinking water, the worm emerges through the skin, usually on the lower limb. 
 This charged water is the Sanjeevini Remedy to be given to a person with the problem of a Leg Injury with Bleeding. 
 the rule being that a person intents the natural and inevitable consequences of his own acts. 
 seeking the best approximation of reality  and not operating on stale assumptions rests in such a person . 
 (1995) 6 SCC 651 to contend that while a person 
 Invisibility is valued, that the interpreter''s service is present but the interpreter as a person is not a participant in the situation, however, invisibility can be damaging. 
 Much like an orchestra has a person who is outstanding on a violin  another on the bass  etc. Yet when they come together just right
[10] has promulgated a scheme for acquisition/transfer by a person resident outside India
 You know in 12 step recovery programs many a person starts out with a wiz-bang I''m OK now. 
 I''m proud to have been a fan of this creative force to be reckoned with for the past 21 years, proud to see a person so invested and dedicated to every single thing she does  36 years on  and showing heart and warmth  as well as humour
 Hot weather, cold beer and great freainds what more can a person ask for. 
 a) the Scale of Global Rights; b) the Statement of Rights, Responsibilities and Accountabilities of a person and Global Community ; and c) building global symbiotical relationships between Earth  people  institutions
 These devices include any machine that enables a person to play a game by inserting some form of currency, pays a prize and determines the results by chance. 
 Ms Pacman is extremely distinct simply because the technologies enables far more than a person person to accessibility the video game at the same time. 
 Car is driven to Spokane by a person from Dave Smith. 
 The services satisfy the intellectual aspect of a person and encourages growth in wonder before the greatness of God. 
 (4.2.44). pardon: To forgive a person for a crime or another offense while canceling any punishment. 
 the earlier insignia (1948-1952) is corresponding to a position taken by a person 
 "Y''know that''s what a person usually says when they''re about to break up with someone. 
 A person laughs in a low growl. 
 He must have dozen off, because he nearly shrieked when a person was tiptoeing towards the bed. 
 (Still do it sometimes, cause I''m still single and I''ve definitely done everything in my power to present myself as a person to guys...okay, maybe not. 
 Also, a person doesn''t really turn into a zombie when they are under his control. 
 It''s not like completely forgetting the Theotokos makes a person any less Catholic. 
 which barred the agency from storing information about ordinary Americans unless a person was a terror suspect or related to an investigation.---"Now
 Are there any comparisons that people know of, where a person has later been found guilty of murder/manslaughter, and gone about this very public campaign? 
 I have a vague memoy whe I was on another fornum,that a person called beachy I think was her name . Said that she read  that the dna found on pilwcase was achild of the adult mac cans 
 A person absorbing 2,000,000 micro-sieiverts will suffer severe radiation poisoning that could lead to death. 
 You can tell that a person is undeluded when his actions and judgment are founded on the testimony of divine Scripture
 We then attempted to add a person to the tub. 
 The fact is, Medicare only covers the cost of a nursing home stay after a person has been in the hospital for at least three days for a medically necessary condition. 
 Not only that, using "''s" after the designation for a person 
 a person that handles a hundred thousand dollars worth of business 
 And I guess the most obvious explanation is that "猫磨福寿" is a name for a person or the restaurant. 
 goddess-worshipping Vanic witch with a fancy for other guys  I know first-hand just how much a person can change over time. 
 Creola was named for the first settler in the area, who was Creole, a person of mixed European and African ancestry. 
 which talks about the right eye causing a person to sin and ends with the statement that it would be better for a person to lose his eye than that his entire body "should be cast into hell." 
 Trump is a person of prodigious willpower, so he acts in accordance with his choices. 
 And "Blue in the face" means a person is pale from exhaustion or frustration. 
 onomatopoeia for the sound of a person crying. 
 a person are readjusted accordingly. 
 She is a person of firm constitution, good mind, mature age, and earnestly devoted to the service of Christ. 
 If a person''s feelings about life don''t change and new coping skills were not learned and practiced, a person is likely to rely on suicide to cope with future depression and loss of hope. 
 A person would use lateral thinking when they want to move from one known idea to creating brand new ideas. 
 [The Brennflecks'' approach to career counseling/coaching] "is structured to enable a person look inside themselves and see many aspects of their skills and interests  that otherwise
 He noticed that a person was lying on the 
 You do not know a person until you drink couple of pints with them. 🙂 
 Someone who lies out of compulsion is a person who cannot keep themselves from lying. 
 Old age does not make a person inflexible; although research shows older people may change their opinion slower than younger people
 It is also possible to confuse a person and cause him or her to enact comical or inappropriate activities  to a certain extent
 a person \textquoterights age from a microbiome sample remain unknown. 
 a person is allergic to." 
 What I''m trying to say is that by being to not use your user name -- by posting a story that could make a person 
 Real shared her list so that it encourages others "not to give up" on a person in need, whether that individual can reciprocate, and to put everyone involved more at ease. 
 Many people think that if a person can''t accurately fill out a provisional ballot, there''s something fishy about the entire vote. 
 he''s going to allow health insurance to be sold across state lines  so a person in Mississippi could buy insurance from a Pennsylvania insurer, subject to Pennsylvania laws. 
 You can find out all too late that you loved not a person but simply an idea of a person, your vision of who you wished they were, only they''re not. 
 She could turn those awful pictures of her that we all have in our minds into an example of a person who could transform herself  by education and compassion and hard work
 A Control Freak attached to a person makes them and their game avatar continuous as both bunny-hop to clear obstacles. 
 what I''m getting at is finding a way to qualify a person as "objectively competent" to run a game of Dungeons & Dragons. 
 that either induces  or could induce  an error by a visa officer in the performance of his or her duties  can result in a person being barred from Canada for five years. 
 Even in a fantasy world, I dont see why a person would show signs of pregnancy in a single day. 
 In the US, a person 
 Three hundred years is a long time for a person to command the world''s consistent attention  and yet
 I felt that there was a compelling character arc from Grindelwald as a person with grand plans but no idea how to achieve them
 Asus Eee pc skins and i – Touch skins and even laptop skins which can be put on and removed off very easily whenever a person determined to change the appearance of his gadget. 
 to select the ministerial portfolio and to nominate a person to hold it who is a member of the Democratic Unionist Party and of the Assembly. 
 There is a person with that name in Miami who is director of litigation of an immigrant rights group that has offices in Miami and DC. 
 A person on the other side picks up the paper
 Although volunteering has obvious benefits for a person who is taken out on social trips or kept company by a transport companion
 Journey times to Dundonald for many in the Down area are simply far too long to expect a person with a coronary illness to travel. 
 or cause a person to fear being attacked. 
 a person confined to a large chest being hauled upwards by a rope at a constant acceleration. 
 In fact, Chuck had helped me, a person he had never met  to understand this truth about my own teacher in graduate school (who was elected to the NAE in 1996)
 And sweetie hussein, like a person that only "talks" but never "does" says: I''m just a phone call away if you need me! 
 It should be noted that the Board will only consider tenders to operate a contract service from a person in possession of a suitable vehicle with a PSV certificate
 We are not saying that the scriptures do not say that the evil one can enter a person . 
 In the Mexico of today a malinchista is a person who prefers the foreign to the domestic. 
 Flavour rich, description of lotus leaf faint scent, fork is beautiful, give a person with rich daydream. 
 But there was no claim that this was taken without permission and the fact that it was used by a person not of this family who didn''t know the rules, has nothing to do with it. 
 I''ve never actually seen another like it; there''s just never been a person capable of really writing insane! 
 He is particularly interested in the feather as a metaphor for a person , being blown at random by the wind to new experiences and events. 
 9:20 a.m. Reports of gunman near St. Albans D.C. Police are searching for a person with a gun in the area of Massachusetts and Wisconsin avenues in Northwest
 a bigot is " a person 
 A person 
 and well not all have the best "record" and we find that AA has grown exponentially these past years and why can''t a person just go to the grocery store for GROCERIES  what is with the TOYS  the ALCOHOL
 It''s not about learning, it''s about determining whether a person is willing to conform to the system. 
 Queen Akiko [Page xxvii] must have counted herself most fortunate in having among her ladies so famous a person . 
 A person ''s got to like something that ''s alive and human  or – " Marthy was clumsy with words
 They should allow it to you when you have proven to them that you are really a person in the group. 
 One bill will clarify that a person 
 "(2A) A voluntary adoption agency in respect of which a person is registered under Part II of the Health and Personal Social Services (Quality
 (2) Arrangements under this paragraph with a person other than the Department3⁄4 
 "The regional ICT strategy aspires to having a person centred electronic care record for every citizen". 
 Here''s a person who spent her entire life working for the same people who 3 months ago were standing firmly behind her
 Chances are anything a person is arguing about at that hour isn''t even worth discussing. 
 and to tell a presidential contender "MEET ME IN OHIO" tells me exactly the type of person you are- a person that cannot represent me as president and commander in chief. 
 In order to optimize her effectiveness as a leader, Hillary has the ability to customize her approach on a person by person basis, based on the situation at hand. 
 Secondly, a person 
 I can understand that a person might be committed to avoiding the keyboard whenever possible. 
 A second school official of the same sex shall be present as an observer during the search of a person whenever feasible. 
 A person does not engage in Steps to Work unless they do so voluntarily and have been unemployed for 18 months. 
 The mechanics of a person 
 It should be common practice that a person who has a particular breed of dog should be allowed to dock it. 
 He had put an old pair of GTX rain trousers for sale and had found a person who wanted to buy it, without haggling about the price. 
 Presumably a jury would also be skeptical that a person like Robert would engage in sex that would place her in harms way. 
 For Hillary a dark soul lurks underneath that false populist veneer, this is a person who welcomes and hopes for the assassination of her political opponent. 
 If the Republicans want to be led by a person of this caliber...but then you see that they were satisfied with Bush/Cheney. 
 a person or it is not. 
 Justice Sarmad Jalal Usmani asked Aitzaz that if a person commits contempt in front of the bench, would the bench not send him to jail. 
 Even in today''s secular culture, you will find rather non-religious people saying they will pray for a person . 
 Any transaction that would be subject to this article that is made by a person who does not have a valid license under this article shall be null and void. 
 If one listens to a person , then he obeys them. 
 David quickly found out that God is able to correct a person . 
 How can you prove reality to a person ? 
 a person . 
 protein  carbohydrate or fat  and ultimately reduce the calorie intake if a person 
 As we stated on our Creation Versus Evolution page, the only real reasons for a person to believe in evolution has to be one of the following: 
 What may a person initiate a complaint about? 
 But when a person faces problems in their love life most of the people become depressed. 
 They claim that a person have become a part of ... 
 Non-Spartan Greeks coined the phrase "a Spartan abroad" to describe such a person , and made jokes about those who acted that way. 
 Since a corporation is a person under American law, this makes the Church a person and as such gave it certain legal rights. 
 In Australia, a person or their decision-maker cannot demand clinically inappropriate treatment. 
 Regular readers know that I am not a person who sees the glass as being half full. 
 I''m not a person who cares for revenge, and I''m not a person who cares to see people behind bars or forced to suffer punishment. 
 Now why is it that we continued to employ a person we knew was looking for a bigger/better job? 
 I think that if a person knows very little about earth/human history it is very easy for him not to be bothered by these questions. 
 A person suffering from hypoglycemia generally encounters problems in controlling the blood sugar level. 
 It is my belief that a person 
 church  etc. 3. a person whose official duty is to precede... ... English World dictionary 
 The PVG Act defines regulated work by reference to: the activities that a person does; the establishments in which a person 
 Cute socks for you, warm toes for a person in need. 
 a person experiencing a critical emergency. 
 Also if you could confirm for me that the basic number of a person born on Aug 23, 1954 at 8:29 AM in Yuma Ariz 114 W 37, 32N44 Mountain S. 
 I am also a person with disabilities, some of which effects the way my brain processes information. 
 It is submitted that a person may acquire services simply by accepting them, and that a licensee accepts delivery services by QRX. 
 Also, a person should likewise in Gore Bay be careful of the fact that if debt relief loans is undertaken for a longer period
 A person of the terrible importance. 
 To give an analogy, although it''s easier to hit a person than hit a baseball, that doesn''t mean ballbats are thus the problem. 
 A person who believes that the salt and pepper shaker on their counter could be called a pagan but most certainly not a witch. 
 Airbus introduced a solution for quarantining a person with Covid-19 in flight. 
 Perhaps the Lange expert meant that this image captures a person who is dealing with extremely bad circumstances, and there''s beauty in her endurance. 
 On this magical planet in which there is no Patriarchy, perhaps paying a person for sex would be no more inherently offensive than paying someone to teach you how to butt-dance. 
 Transsexuality* is currently considered a gender disorder, that is, a person learns a gender role which contradicts his/her visible sex. 
 This reminded me how crucial reading is for self-nourishment and to become a person of culture. 
 200 proof is 100% alcohol  180 proof is 90% alcohol  etc. About the most a person can comfortably drink is 100 to 120 proof. 
 The above description doesn''t sound like a perfect networker, outgoing social butterfly or a person who is skilled at connecting with new people. 
 1) ( a person employed to write letters
 writing of will or other acts suggestive of a suicidal plan. • A person has suffered recent major loss of life or property . • Hopelessness. • Severe agitation/anxiety 
 This spire was built by a person of the town named Parker in 1794, the old one having been destroyed by lightning the year before. 
 Every few months you hear about a person accused of terrorism or openly insulted because of some totally innocent cultural norm. 
 They ignore the Peter Principle which is that a person tends to be promoted to the level of their incompetence. 
 A China brain arrangement is in the background, and we are presented with a single body, which looks like a person , and with which we can interact as we would with a person. 
 BR: Eventually, the bowling center went back to the MU, and they hired a person to work with that. 
 But if you''re going this far, you could make the infection rate be itself a function of how long a person has been sick (as in reality it must be). 
 Ashavan is such a person whose male and female elements of the Soul has united (Khaethvodat), who has no worldly needs, desires or aspirations. 
 Why didn''t he simply say '' a person lost the bow, other people will get it. 
 Before 401K/IRA era, a person would work for a company and have his retirement savings at the local bank. 
 A person 
 Inc. has a complete parts department of all the fast moving everyday parts a person could need for their Volvo Penta Diesel engine. 
 But when a person is deeply vulnerable  centered on something other than God and therefore not securely rooted
 Banana: That means you are a person who loves to eat bananas.c. 
 Can you play a video game online with a person with a different game console than you? 
 Very good tunning the theory a person 
 Everyone is to be his own spiritual director, and the fact that a person who is his own lawyer, both in this world and in the next, "has a fool for his advocate" is entirely forgotten. 
 How to Become Money Magnetic From Jason Fladlien Money is automatically attracted to a person who has certain qualities, attitudes and performs certain behaviors. 
 The products mentioned in this report may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this report should seek advice from a professional and financial adviser regarding the legal
 (Sometimes historians can tell by the spelling a person 
 As they rushed to make their deadline they came across a person , clearly in pain and in need of help. 
 or both  except that in the case of a person 
 Whilst your application is being processed if you wish to authorise a person 
 I was asked my a person in the 30 min work out to use a different area becauseher and her friend were usuing this one whole corner. 
